0	what is the role of opera designer gig who designed the telephone / the medium?	  Opera designer Guglielmo Marconi is credited with the invention of the telephone, as well as the medium of radio. He designed the first practical system of wireless communication, which laid the foundation for modern wireless telecommunications. He is considered to be the father of radio, and his work was the basis for the development of many of the technologies used in modern communication systems.
1	semaphore railway line is on the rail network named what?	  The Semaphore railway line is part of the TransAdelaide metropolitan rail network in Adelaide, South Australia.
2	what unit of measurement system of electric field of strenght does watt per square metre per steradian have?	  Watt per square metre per steradian is a unit of measurement for the intensity of an electric field. It is part of the SI (International System of Units) system of measurement.
3	how many video games has randy condon designed?	  Randy Condon has not designed any video games.
4	what number of religions is chrismation practiced by?	  Chrismation is practiced by all branches of Christianity, including Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Anglican, Lutheran, and Protestant denominations.
5	which conference sponsor sponsored the same conference series with linux?	  The Linux Foundation is the main sponsor of the Linux Conferences series. Other sponsors of the series include the Free Software Foundation, Red Hat, Canonical, Intel, IBM, and Google.
6	what business operation does sanitation worker pertain to?	  Sanitation workers are part of a business's operations related to waste management and environmental services. They are responsible for collecting, transporting, and disposing of waste materials in a safe and efficient manner.
7	south australian house of assembly is part of what government office?	  The South Australian House of Assembly is part of the Parliament of South Australia, which is the bicameral legislature of the Australian state of South Australia.
8	steradians is the solid angle unit for what measurement system?	  The steradian is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI) for measuring solid angles.
9	the science of star trek contains what radio program?	  There is no radio program associated with the science of Star Trek.
10	the si base unit of moment of force contains what unit of moment of force?	  The SI base unit of moment of force is Newton-meters (N-m).
11	which is the unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 1000.0 seconds?	  The unit of time in the International System of Units used to measure less than 1000.0 seconds is the millisecond (ms).
12	what conference was held at back bay events center?	  It is not possible to answer this question without more information.
13	bugchess2 is a part of what video game engine family?	  Bugchess2 is part of the Crafty family of video game engines.
14	how many game expansions has john elliott released?	  John Elliott has released two game expansions: The Mars Expansion and The Space Expansion.
15	newton per metre is the unit of measurement for surface tension in which system of measurement?	  Newton per metre is a unit of measurement for surface tension in the International System of Units (SI).
16	what is the total number of engines for rpg maker?	  There is no set number of engines for RPG Maker, as the software is designed to be highly customizable. Some of the more popular engines include RPG Maker XP, RPG Maker VX, RPG Maker VX Ace, RPG Maker MV, and RPG Maker MZ.
17	who are the sponsors of the stanford medicine x?	  The sponsors of Stanford Medicine X include: Aetna, AT&T, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Boston Scientific, CVS Health, Genentech, Google, Johnson & Johnson, Microsoft, Philips, Sanofi, and UnitedHealth Group.
18	what manufactured drug have a octagons shape?	  There is no specific manufactured drug with an octagon shape. However, many over-the-counter and prescription medications come in pill or tablet form with octagonal edges.
19	what is the name of the video game designer that created part of dragon ball z : budokai tenkaichi?	  The game was developed by Spike Chunsoft and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment.
20	name the episode of a radio program whose artist is billy taylor.	  The episode of the radio program featuring Billy Taylor is titled "Billy Taylor: Jazz Pianist and Educator."
21	what unit of fuel economy has economy in litres per kilometre less than 0.01?	  Miles per gallon (MPG).
22	the last sunday in october will be the end of which time zone's day dst?	  The last Sunday in October will be the end of Daylight Saving Time (DST) in the US Eastern Time Zone.
23	a length of 1.949 meters is the equivalent of what unit of measurement?	  1.949 meters is equivalent to 6.37 feet.
24	what is the name of the exhibition that has the same exhibition curator with venice biennale of architecture taiwan pavillion 2006?	  The exhibition with the same curator as the Venice Biennale of Architecture Taiwan Pavilion 2006 is the International Architecture Biennale Rotterdam 2006.
25	what is the xbox 360 controller game version that supports the europe region?	  The Xbox 360 controller game version that supports the European region is the Xbox 360 European version.
26	in which measurement system ampere per square metre is the current density unit?	  The ampere per square metre (A/m²) is a unit of current density in the International System of Units (SI).
27	which radio program had a final broadcast on 1959?	  The popular radio program, "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet," had its final broadcast in 1959.
28	which system uses gal to represent acceleration?	  The CGS system of units uses the unit of gal (or galileo) to measure acceleration.
29	find the planet with lowest orbital order	  The planet with the lowest orbital order is Mercury, which is the closest planet to the Sun.
30	the biggest catchment area can be found at what lake?	  The biggest catchment area is found at Lake Victoria, located in East Africa. It has a total catchment area of 184,000 square miles (477,000 square kilometers).
31	newton per metre uses what system of measurement as the surface tension units?	  The Newton per metre uses the SI (metric) system of measurement for surface tension units.
32	name the system that has decimetre as a measurement unit.	  The Metric System.
33	a concentration of 1.0 katal per cubic meter is demonstrated using which unit of catalytic concentration?	  Molar catalytic concentration (MCC).
34	can you name the different player positions for the football team of orlando rage?	  Offense: Quarterback, Running Back, Wide Receiver, Tight End, Offensive Line (Center, Guards, Tackles)  Defense: Defensive Line (Ends, Tackles), Linebacker, Cornerback, Safety
35	who is the football player with 57 goals in his career?	  The football player with 57 career goals is Lionel Messi.
36	in the international system of units, what's the unit of molar volume?	  The unit of molar volume in the international system of units is cubic meters per mole (m3/mol).
37	what is the belief of mo?	  Mo is a polytheistic religion that believes in many gods and spirits. It is based on the traditional beliefs and practices of the Māori people of New Zealand. It is a living spiritual tradition, with its own gods, rituals and ceremonies. Mo followers believe in the power of the gods to influence their lives and the world around them. They also believe that the gods are connected to the land and its people, and that their relationship with the gods should be respected.
38	mircea cărtărescu is published in which travel destination city?	  Mircea Cărtărescu is published in Bucharest, Romania.
39	how many key designers does a computer designed by john w. mauchly have?	  John W. Mauchly designed the first modern computer, the ENIAC, which was created by a team of six people. The team included John W. Mauchly, John Presper Eckert, Arthur Burks, Betty Jean Jennings, Kay McNulty, and Marlyn Wescoff Meltzer. Therefore, the computer designed by John W. Mauchly had six key designers.
40	bauman moscow state technical university can provide the what type of education?	  Bauman Moscow State Technical University provides a variety of educational programs, including undergraduate and graduate degrees in engineering, technology, and the sciences. The university also offers professional development courses and programs in management, economics, and other areas.
41	find electric system whose locomotive class is sbb-cff-ffs re 420.	  The SBB-CFF-FFS Re 420 is a class of electric locomotive operated by the Swiss Federal Railways. It was originally built in the late 1990s and is still in active service today. The Re 420 is a four-axle Bo-Bo locomotive, with a maximum speed of 140 km/h (87 mph). It is powered by a three-phase asynchronous motor, and has a continuous power output of 4,500 kW (6,000 hp). The Re 420 is equipped with a variety of safety systems, including an axle-mounted wheel slip control system, and a train control system. The locomotive is also equipped with a variety of other features, including a regenerative braking system, air conditioning, and a driver's cab with a panoramic view.
42	what is the number of video games designed by jeffrey kaplan?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as Jeffrey Kaplan has not released an official list of the video games he has designed.
43	in the international system of units measurement system, what is the unit of angular accelleration?	  The unit of angular acceleration in the International System of Units (SI) is radians per second squared (rad/s2).
44	what locomotive builder built the south african class 5e, series 3?	  The South African Class 5E, Series 3 locomotives were built by General Electric (GE), an American manufacturer.
45	war in hell is part of what book series?	  The War in Hell series is part of the Demon Cycle series by Peter V. Brett.
46	which video game developer developed firefly studios' stronghold 3?	  Firefly Studios developed Stronghold 3.
47	who writes twilight zone?	  Twilight Zone was created by Rod Serling.
48	what are the sponsors of international conference on bioinformatics (bioinformatics)?	  The sponsors of the International Conference on Bioinformatics (Bioinformatics) vary depending on the conference, but some of the more common sponsors include the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, the European Molecular Biology Laboratory, the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, the International Society for Computational Biology, and the International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
49	hopscotch technologies is the developer of which programming language?	  Hopscotch Technologies does not develop any programming language.
50	what is the name of the tallest film art director who's profession is director of photography?	  The tallest film art director who is a director of photography is Emmanuel Lubezki.
51	mechwarrior 2 is developed by what video games developer?	  MechWarrior 2 is developed by Activision.
52	what is the color of florida a&m rattlers basketball and kryptonite?	  Florida A&M Rattlers basketball is orange and blue, and kryptonite is typically depicted as a glowing green.
53	the ios app store distributes what video game version?	  The iOS App Store distributes mobile versions of video games.
54	nov. the 30th, 2013 was the date which manufactured drug was removed from market?	  The exact date of when the drug was removed from the market is not known.
55	what is the organism classification for the fossil bodo cranium?	  The Bodo cranium is classified as a Homo erectus fossil.
56	kilopascal is the pressure units of what measurement system?	  The kilopascal (kPa) is a unit of pressure in the metric system.
57	roggenbier is a style of what?	  Roggenbier is a style of German rye beer.
58	what style of wine is produced by domaine ramonet?	  Domaine Ramonet produces Chardonnay, Pinot Noir, and Aligoté wines from Burgundy, France.
59	volts is in which measurement system?	  Volts is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
60	which conference series has the subject religious ?	  The International Conference on Religion and Spirituality in Society (ICRSS) is a conference series that focuses on the subject of religious and spiritual studies from a global perspective.
61	meaning the temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins is greater or equal to 1.0 applies to which unit of inverse temperature?	  The unit of inverse temperature would be 1/K (inverse kelvins).
62	self improvement has in place what business operation?	  Self-improvement has in place a variety of business operations, including goal setting, time management, networking, personal development, and communication.
63	greenwich is the terminus of what railway?	  Greenwich is the terminus of the Docklands Light Railway (DLR).
64	siemens uses what unit of frequency?	  Hertz (Hz).
65	name the rail gauge that has a minimum width no less than 1372.0?	  Standard Gauge
66	which is the number of exhibitions produced by nintendo co.?	  Nintendo Co. does not produce exhibitions. They are a video game company that produces video game consoles and video games.
67	soro is a place in what fictional universe?	  Soro is a city in the Star Wars universe, located on the planet Corellia.
68	which language writing type has writing systems including one that has the latest used from date?	  The language writing type with writing systems including one that has the latest used from date is Unicode. Unicode is a universal character encoding standard that provides a consistent way of encoding multilingual text. It contains a wide range of characters from various languages and scripts, including the latest used from date.
69	which adapted work has point of no return been adopted from?	  The phrase "point of no return" has been adapted from a line in the 1983 film Flashdance, in which the character Alex Owens says, "This is my point of no return."
70	1.0 joules per kelvin is equal to which unit of heat capacity?	  The unit of heat capacity is joules per kelvin (J/K).
71	what medical trial design using health study has the lowest number of expected total enrollment?	  The lowest number of expected total enrollment in a medical trial design using a health study would be a single-subject study. This type of study involves a single participant and is often used to assess the effects of a specific treatment or intervention.
72	what events appear in star trek: first contact?	  1. The Borg travel back in time to prevent Earth from making First Contact with the Vulcans. 2. The Enterprise-E crew attempts to stop the Borg and protect Earth's future. 3. Data sacrifices himself to save the Enterprise-E and the future of humanity. 4. Captain Picard and Lily Sloane travel back to Earth's past to help the Vulcans make contact. 5. The Borg Queen attempts to assimilate Picard and use him to control the Borg. 6. The Enterprise-E crew battles the Borg in a climactic battle in the Earth's past. 7. Picard and Lily Sloane return to the present day, where they are reunited with the Enterprise-E crew.
73	with 1.0 being the limit in conductance siemens, which unit is equal to or smaller than it?	  The unit smaller than 1.0 siemens is the millisiemens (mS), which is equal to 0.001 siemens.
74	the mass unit cash is used in what measurement system?	  The mass unit cash is used in the Chinese customary measurement system.
75	find rocket engines that can thrust 1.90218e+06	  The RS-25 Space Shuttle Main Engine is a rocket engine that can thrust 1.90218e+06 Newtons. The RS-25 is a liquid-fueled rocket engine that was used to power the Space Shuttle Orbiter during launch and ascent.
76	what radio program is in 4	 parts  The most common radio program that is in four parts is a four-part radio series. These are often produced by public radio stations and cover a variety of topics, from current events to historical events. Examples of four-part radio series include the BBC's "The Reith Lectures" and NPR's "This American Life."
77	which rocket manufacturer produced saturn v rocket and also collaborate with boeing company on making a rocket with mass over 2.916e+06?	  The rocket manufacturer that produced the Saturn V rocket and collaborated with Boeing Company on making a rocket with mass over 2.916e+06 is North American Rockwell (now known as Boeing North American).
78	how many comic book writers are also professional pencillers?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of comic book writers who also serve as professional pencillers varies greatly depending on the individual's experience and skill level.
79	the latest released version of the game nicalis was published in what region?	  The latest released version of the game Nicalis was published in North America.
80	find opera productions whose stage director is simon mcburney.	  1. The Magic Flute (English National Opera, 2017) 2. The Enchanted Island (Metropolitan Opera, 2012) 3. The Damnation of Faust (English National Opera, 2010) 4. Satyagraha (English National Opera, 2008) 5. The Rake's Progress (English National Opera, 2006) 6. The Prince of Homburg (English National Opera, 2005) 7. The Tempest (Royal Shakespeare Company, 2003) 8. The Marriage of Figaro (English National Opera, 2001) 9. The Changeling (Royal Shakespeare Company, 2000) 10. The Caucasian Chalk Circle (Royal Shakespeare Company, 1999)
81	what is the bioshock: infinite expansion?	  BioShock Infinite: Burial at Sea is an expansion pack for the 2013 video game BioShock Infinite. The pack consists of two episodes: the first was released on November 12, 2013, and the second on March 25, 2014. The expansion follows the stories of Booker DeWitt and Elizabeth as they explore the underwater city of Rapture on the eve of its fall from grace. The player plays as both Booker and Elizabeth in the two episodes, with the gameplay being similar to that of the original BioShock Infinite.
82	what private company limited by shares is the theater company that produced the seagull?	  The theater company that produced the Seagull is Theatrical Rights Worldwide, a private company limited by shares.
83	which wine has the maximum percent new oak?	  The wine with the highest percentage of new oak is typically a Cabernet Sauvignon, which can have up to 100% new oak.
84	centimetre–gram–second system of units uses what type of unit of energy?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units uses the erg (a unit of energy equal to 10−7 joules) as its unit of energy.
85	what is the number of electric locomotive classes built by siemens?	  Siemens has built over 350 different classes of electric locomotives since the late 19th century.
86	the least brake specific fuel consumption in grams per joule is had by what unit of brake?	  The unit of brake with the least brake specific fuel consumption (BSFC) in grams per joule is the diesel engine. Diesel engines typically have BSFC ratings of around 200-250 g/J, which is significantly lower than other types of engines.
87	what video game does zx interface 1 support?	  ZX Interface 1 supports the ZX Spectrum family of computers, which includes games like Jet Set Willy, Manic Miner, Horace Goes Skiing, and many more.
88	the latest initial release date applies to what video game expansion?	  The latest initial release date applies to the video game expansion "Call of Duty: Warzone," which was released on March 10, 2020.
89	new york central park used what currency in its construction?	  The construction of Central Park in New York City was funded by a combination of public and private funds. The city of New York provided the land and the majority of the funds for the project, while private citizens and organizations provided the rest. The currency used for the construction of Central Park was the U.S. dollar.
90	genres of marketplace can be found in what broadcast content in hong kong?	  The types of genres of broadcast content available in Hong Kong include news, drama, comedy, variety shows, sports, music, documentaries, children’s programming, and reality shows.
91	how many religions partake in the alms?	  There is no single answer to this question as different religions have different practices related to alms giving. Some religions that commonly practice alms giving include Buddhism, Hinduism, Christianity, Islam, and Judaism.
92	the maximum inclination is found on which moon?	  The moon with the highest inclination is Iapetus, which has an inclination of 26.7 degrees.
93	which architecture firm has stanford white as its partner?	  McKim, Mead & White.
94	what measurement system uses the term gigabit per second?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the term gigabit per second (Gbit/s) to measure data transfer speeds.
95	peripheral class game controllers supports which video game version?	  Game controllers support a wide variety of video game versions, including current-generation consoles like the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch, as well as older consoles like the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii U.
96	nazi holocaust fits into what radio broadcast genres?	  The Nazi Holocaust would fit into the radio broadcast genres of news, documentary, and talk radio.
97	dead space has influenced what?	  Dead Space has influenced numerous aspects of the horror and science fiction genres, from video games to films and television. It has inspired elements of the Resident Evil video game franchise, as well as the films Alien: Covenant and Life. The game has also been credited with popularizing the survival horror genre and introducing innovative gameplay mechanics, such as zero gravity environments and weapon crafting.
98	taylor made piano: a jazz history radio program episode was called what?	  The episode of Taylor Made Piano: A Jazz History Radio Program was titled "The Jazz Piano Masters: From Jelly Roll Morton to Herbie Hancock."
99	what comic strip character has the biggest height?	  The tallest comic strip character is probably the character of Lyle from the comic strip Zits. Lyle is 6'8" tall.
100	the album korpi ensemble has what type of content?	  Korpi Ensemble is a Finnish folk music group that performs traditional Finnish folk music. Their music is a mix of traditional Finnish folk melodies, improvisations, and modern arrangements.
101	what lighthouses' lights are 62.0 meters high?	  The 62.0 meter high lighthouse lights are typically found in larger lighthouses, such as the Split Rock Lighthouse in Minnesota, the Point Arena Lighthouse in California, and the St. Augustine Lighthouse in Florida.
102	the subject of the quote, "be ready always to give an answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you. -- peter 3:15 " spoken by the angel of remembrance, is what?	  The subject of the quote is Christian faith and the importance of being prepared to explain and defend it.
103	what is the unit of energy used in the same measurement system as becquerels for measure of radioactivity?	  The unit of energy used in the same measurement system as becquerels for measure of radioactivity is the joule.
104	non-si units mentioned in the si uses what type of unit of energy?	  The SI unit of energy is the joule (J). Non-SI units mentioned in the SI system include the calorie (cal), the British thermal unit (BTU), the foot-pound (ft-lb), and the electronvolt (eV).
105	lonnie wheeler contributed to a book edition published by what publisher?	  The book edition that Lonnie Wheeler contributed to was published by Triumph Books.
106	720° appears in which video games?	  720° is a skateboarding video game released in 1986 by Atari Games. It was one of the first extreme sports video games and is considered a classic of the genre. The game was ported to the Sega Master System and Amiga in 1989.
107	which military conflict has force strengths with conflicts personnel?	  There are many military conflicts that have involved forces with personnel. Examples include the Vietnam War, the Korean War, the Gulf War, the Iraq War, World War I, World War II, the War in Afghanistan, and the Syrian Civil War.
108	office of fair trading v abbey national plc has how many legal subjects?	  This case has two legal subjects: (1) the Office of Fair Trading's allegations of unfair practices by Abbey National plc, and (2) Abbey National's response to those allegations.
109	what is the name of the travel destination where mircea cărtărescu is published?	  Mircea Cărtărescu is published in Romania, his home country.
110	which conference series belongs to the same conference event as iruna?	  The other conference series that belongs to the same conference event as IRUNA is the International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA).
111	what automotive designer designed first generation mercury topaz?	  The first generation Mercury Topaz was designed by Jack Telnack.
112	which sport is played in colorado cricket league?	  Cricket is not a sport that is played in Colorado.
113	fighting street is the version of which video game?	  The version of the video game is Street Fighter.
114	what is the unit of force using the imperial units?	  The unit of force using imperial units is the pound-force (lbf).
115	what radio program made it's broadcasting debut with the first episode on jan. the 17th, 2011?	  The radio program is called This American Life. The first episode aired on January 17, 2011.
116	which unit of electric current does not exceed 3.479e+25 current in amperes?	  No unit of electric current exceeds 3.479e+25 current in amperes.
117	what is the radio format for the station that broadcasts monte-carlo?	  The radio format for the station that broadcasts Monte-Carlo is CHR/Pop, which stands for Contemporary Hit Radio/Pop.
118	name the engine which has a horsepower of 372.0.	  The engine is a 6.2L V8 Supercharged engine.
119	the fictional world of the archipelago of meridian contains how many different species?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the fictional world of the Archipelago of Meridian is not a real place.
120	lucasfan games published what video game?	  Lucasfilm Games has published a variety of video games, including the classic adventure game series Monkey Island, the Star Wars: Rogue Squadron series, and the Indiana Jones and Fate of Atlantis adventure game.
121	astrodome hosted which conference?	  The Astrodome hosted the 1967 Major League Baseball All-Star Game.
122	which rocket engine fuel powers the rocket engines of rd-100?	  The RD-100 uses a mixture of Nitric Acid and Kerosene as its rocket engine fuel.
123	cubic metre per kilogram are the specific volume units for which measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
124	there is a unit of absorbed units equals 1.0 dosage in grays. what is it?	  The unit of absorbed dose in grays is 1 gray (Gy).
125	urban contemporary gospel is available to listen on which radio station?	  Many radio stations around the world play urban contemporary gospel music. Some of the most popular radio stations are WLIB 1190 AM in New York City, KKLA 99.5 FM in Los Angeles, WGRB 1390 AM in Chicago, and XM Radio's Praise channel.
126	which is the content type of album a carrot is as close as a rabbit gets to a diamond?	  This is not a content type.
127	the unit of angular acceleration in measurement system international system of units is called what?	  The unit of angular acceleration in the International System of Units (SI) is radians per second squared (rad/s2).
128	how does japanese units of measurement measure length?	  In Japan, the traditional units of measurement for length are the shaku and the sun. One shaku is equal to 30.3 cm, and one sun is equal to 3.03 cm.
129	what amendment to the constitution was proposed on 1789-09-25?	  The First Amendment to the United States Constitution was proposed on September 25, 1789.
130	apptera was advised by which organization advisor?	  Apptera was advised by the venture capital firm Crosslink Capital.
131	what subatomic particle is in the same family as the charm antiquark?	  The bottom antiquark.
132	the measurement cubic meters per second is used in which volumetric system?	  The measurement cubic meters per second is used in the metric volumetric system.
133	mount slamet has how many different types?	  Slamet is a type of Indonesian food that consists of a variety of ingredients, including rice, vegetables, eggs, and meat. There are many different types of slamet, including ayam slamet, sayur slamet, sambal slamet, and more.
134	what unit of heat capacity equals to 1.0 joules per kelvin?	  The unit of heat capacity that equals 1.0 joules per kelvin is the joule per kelvin (J/K).
135	what adaptation is adapted from an adapted work which is an adaptation of sukiyaki western django?	  The adaptation adapted from an adapted work which is an adaptation of Sukiyaki Western Django is an American western-style film titled Django Unchained, directed by Quentin Tarantino.
136	what is the unit of speed in us customary unit?	  The unit of speed in the US customary unit is miles per hour (mph).
137	new england almanac: portraits in sound of new england life and landscape is an episode from which radio program?	  The episode is from the public radio program "The Story" produced by American Public Media.
138	what is another unit of measurement that equals 1.0 coulombs per square meter?	  1.0 coulombs per square meter is equivalent to 1.0 farad per square meter.
139	what was the first music video released?	  The first music video released was "Video Killed the Radio Star" by the Buggles in 1979.
140	name the unit of solid angle in the measurement system non-si units mentioned in the si.	  The unit of solid angle in the non-SI units mentioned in the SI is the Steradian (sr).
141	what kind of meal is gumbo?	  Gumbo is a type of stew or soup typically made with a roux base and a variety of meats or shellfish, vegetables, and spices. It originated in Louisiana and is a popular dish in the Southern United States.
142	what fictional character's species is virizion?	  Virizion is a Legendary Pokémon of the Grass/Fighting type.
143	international system of units has the equivalence of what unit dose?	  The International System of Units (SI) is a modern form of the metric system, and it uses the following seven base units to measure seven different physical quantities: meter (m) for length, kilogram (kg) for mass, second (s) for time, ampere (A) for electric current, kelvin (K) for temperature, mole (mol) for amount of substance, and candela (cd) for luminous intensity.
144	how many collectable items are there in larp bows?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of collectable items in LARP bows can vary depending on the type of bow, the manufacturer, and the age of the bow.
145	the international system of units measured by what unit of amount concentration?	  The international system of units measures amount concentration in units of moles per cubic meter (mol/m3).
146	which unit of resistivity can be found under the international system of units measurement system?	  The unit of resistivity under the International System of Units (SI) is the ohm-metre (Ω·m).
147	which video game version has the latest release date?	  The answer to this question depends on the specific video game that is being asked about.
148	warhammer 40,000 is what type of fictional species?	  Warhammer 40,000 is a science fiction universe created by Games Workshop. It is set in a dystopian future where a vast number of alien races and human factions fight for control of the universe.
149	which unit measures heat capacity in the international system of units measurement system?	  The unit of heat capacity in the International System of Units (SI) is the joule per kelvin (J/K).
150	mclaughlin research institute contains what committee of organizations?	  The McLaughlin Research Institute is a non-profit medical research organization. It does not have a committee of organizations.
151	how many different dog breeds from czecho-slovakia have the same temperament as the cairn terriers?	  Unfortunately, there are no known Czecho-Slovakian dog breeds that share the same temperament as Cairn Terriers.
152	where can i find video games with the rating of rsac: all?	  You can find video games with the rating of RSAC: All on various online retailers such as Amazon, Best Buy, Target, and GameStop.
153	cross-country ski are subjects in which video game?	  There are no video games specifically about cross-country skiing. However, there are several winter sports video games that include cross-country skiing as one of the activities. Examples of these games include "Winter Sports: The Ultimate Challenge" and "Steep: Road to the Olympics".
154	what kind unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include catty?	  The length unit associated with a measurement system whose mass units include catty is usually the Chinese foot (or chi, which is equivalent to about 12.1 inches).
155	whatt series of conference belongs to the same conference event as aldemar knossos royal village conference centre?	  The Aldemar Knossos Royal Village Conference Centre is part of the Aldemar Resorts Conference Series. Other conferences in the series include the Aldemar Paradise Village Conference Centre, the Aldemar Cretan Village Conference Centre, and the Aldemar Royal Mare Conference Centre.
156	guitar hero ii followed a musical game designed by which video game designer?	  Guitar Hero II was designed by Harmonix Music Systems.
157	2002-07 was the release date of which video game?	  Grand Theft Auto: Vice City.
158	914.4 gauge (mm) is part of what locomotive class?	  914.4 gauge (mm) is part of the Iberian gauge class of locomotives.
159	what is the name of what was the most recent browser released by the creators of lab?	  The most recent browser released by the creators of Lab is called Labcoat.
160	which type and rich media is extended by the same type?	  The same type of rich media that can be extended is video. Video can be extended through formats such as streaming, interactive video, and virtual reality.
161	which film director is the heaviest?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as there is no official record of the weights of film directors.
162	ovo vegetarianism is suitable for what type of recipe?	  Vegetarian recipes are suitable for any type of vegetarianism, including vegan, lacto-ovo, and pescatarian. Popular vegetarian recipes include veggie burgers, stir-fries, soups, salads, pasta dishes, and veggie tacos.
163	what is the unit of electric current used by the measurement system of centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The unit of electric current used by the centimetre–gram–second system of units is the abampere.
164	radians per second squared is the angular acceleration unit in which measurement system?	  The angular acceleration unit in radians per second squared is part of the International System of Units (SI).
165	video games with a rating of r16 are found where?	  R16 video games can be found in most video game stores, as well as online retailers such as Amazon, Best Buy, and GameStop.
166	what inverse temperature unit means the temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins is equal to 1e-06 or greater?	  Inverse temperature unit means that the temperature coefficient is inversely proportional to the temperature. In other words, a higher temperature will result in a lower temperature coefficient. In this case, a temperature coefficient of 1e-06 or greater means that the temperature coefficient decreases as the temperature increases.
167	which chromosome has the genomic locus of human cytogenetic band 1p32.1?	  Chromosome 1.
168	the international system of units uses what as the unit of electric charge density?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the coulomb per cubic meter (C/m3) as the unit of electric charge density.
169	what radio program episode is christopher lydon with stephen jay gould a segment of?	  This segment was part of the radio program "The Connection," which aired on WBUR in Boston.
170	forces is measured by what instrument?	  A dynamometer is used to measure the torque of a force.
171	who produced the radio program about science?	  The BBC produces a radio program about science called "The Naked Scientists."
172	international system of units is the system of measurement for which unit of potential?	  The SI unit of potential is the volt (V).
173	what number of spacecrafts did italian space agency and finmeccanica manufacture?	  The Italian Space Agency and Finmeccanica have not manufactured any spacecrafts.
174	name the unit of mass that is used in the same measurement system as gray per second?	  The unit of mass used in the same measurement system as gray per second is the kilogram.
175	dd4d belongs to what conference subject?	  The conference subject associated with the paper "dd4d" is Data Mining.
176	what locomotive has the most number of constructions completed?	  The most number of constructions completed by a single locomotive is the EMD GP40, with over 3,500 units built between 1965 and 1972.
177	what unit of specific energy has the smallest energy in joules per kilogram?	  The unit of specific energy with the smallest energy in joules per kilogram is the calorie (cal), which is equal to 4.184 joules per kilogram.
178	tell me the gender of snow villiers ?	  Snow Villiers is a fictional character, so he does not have a gender.
179	apple–intel architecture released what video game versions through its platform?	  Apple–Intel architecture was used to release several versions of popular video games, including World of Warcraft, StarCraft II, Diablo III, and The Sims 4.
180	wgtk-fm is owned by what radio station group?	  wgtk-fm is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.
181	with the minimum wind speed under 7.0, find beaufort wind force.	  Beaufort wind force 0 (Calm).
182	tales of symphonia soundtracks are in which video game?	  Tales of Symphonia is a role-playing video game developed and published by Namco (now Bandai Namco Entertainment) for the Nintendo GameCube. It was released in Japan in August 2003, and in North America and Europe in 2004.
183	1000.0 is the number of joules per mole for what unit of energy?	  Kilojoules per mole
184	communities is dominantly featured in what conference?	  The International Conference on Online Communities (ICOC) is the premier conference for research related to online communities and social networking.
185	name which unit of absorbed equals to 1.0 dose in grays.	  1 gray (Gy) is equal to 1.0 absorbed dose.
186	name the builder of the ship uss croaker.	  The builder of the USS Croaker was the Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation in Pascagoula, Mississippi.
187	what is the shortest recording by samuel ramey?	  The shortest recording by Samuel Ramey is a single aria from the opera "Don Giovanni" entitled "Deh Vieni Alla Finestra". The aria has a running time of approximately 1 minute and 30 seconds.
188	what was the first locomotive class to be introduced?	  The first locomotive class to be introduced was the "Adler" class, which was developed in Germany in 1835.
189	which fictional character's species is virizion?	  Virizion is a Legendary Pokémon from the Unova region, introduced in Generation V of the Pokémon series.
190	joule per kilogram is used by which energy unit measurement system?	  The joule per kilogram is used by the SI (International System of Units) energy unit measurement system.
191	the amount of substance unit is mol is part of which measurement system?	  The amount of substance unit mol is part of the International System of Units (SI) measurement system.
192	primary battery manufacturing has which business operation?	  Primary battery manufacturing typically involves the production of electrochemical cells, which convert chemical energy into electrical energy. This includes the production of the cells, the assembly of the cells into batteries, and the packaging and distribution of the finished product.
193	galaxies with the same classification code as m110 have what shape?	  M110 is classified as an SB(s)d galaxy, which means it has a spiral shape with loosely wound arms.
194	which video game designer designed the video game which is part of meteos series?	  The Meteos series of video games was created by Tetsuya Mizuguchi, a Japanese video game designer who is best known for creating the critically acclaimed music-based puzzle game series, Rez.
195	gawler central railway line is included in which rail network?	  The Gawler Central Railway Line is part of the South Australian Rail Network.
196	tamas has what adaptation adapted from it?	  The adaptation of Tamas is a stage play by Indian playwright and director, Mahesh Dattani. It was first performed in 1998 and is based on the novel of the same name by Bhisham Sahni. The play explores the impact of the 1947 Partition of India on the lives of the people living in a small village in Punjab.
197	which video game is designed by mark rogers?	  Mark Rogers has not designed any video games.
198	which zoo's category is zoo?	  Zoos are classified as zoological parks, which is a type of zoological garden.
199	who is the subject of the conference, google i/o 2014?	  Google I/O 2014 was focused on the future of technology and innovation from Google and its partners.
200	who owns this locomotive made by chesapeake and ohio railroad?	  The locomotive is likely owned by the Norfolk Southern Railway, which is the current owner of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad.
201	in international system of units, which is the unit of magnetic flux?	  The unit of magnetic flux in the International System of Units (SI) is the weber (Wb).
202	which astronaut belongs to the space agency italian space agency.	  The first Italian astronaut to fly in space was Umberto Guidoni, who flew aboard the Space Shuttle Columbia mission STS-100 in April 2001.
203	a fictional object that has the smallest date of creation is what?	  A grain of sand.
204	which musical genre has a subgenres that has a parent genres of goa trance?	  The subgenre of Goa Trance is Psytrance.
205	which disney ride opened the latest?	  The latest Disney ride to open is Star Wars: Rise of the Resistance at Disney's Hollywood Studios in Walt Disney World.
206	what magazine features the genre of street press?	  The most popular magazine in the street press genre is Vice Magazine.
207	inspecção geral das actividades culturais has what type of video game rating system?	  A Inspecção Geral das Actividades Culturais (IGAC) não possui um sistema de classificação para jogos de vídeo. No entanto, existem vários sistemas de classificação de jogos de vídeo em uso em todo o mundo, incluindo o Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) nos Estados Unidos, o Pan European Game Information (PEGI) na Europa e o Computer Entertainment Rating Organization (CERO) no Japão.
208	can you please tell me the number of heraldic crests on the coat of arms of charles v, holy roman emperor?	  It is impossible to answer this question as the exact number of heraldic crests on the coat of arms of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, is unknown.
209	care2.com initiated which website?	  Care2 is an online community of people who are passionate about making the world a better place. It was founded in 1998 and is one of the largest and most trusted social action networks on the web.
210	which meteorite has a mass of less than or equal to 5560.0?	  The meteorite NWA 8276 has a mass of 5560.0 grams.
211	unreal engine 2 contains what video game engines?	  Unreal Engine 2 is a game engine developed by Epic Games, originally released in 2002. It is most widely known for powering the popular game franchises Unreal Tournament, Gears of War, and Mass Effect.
212	do you know who played esp richard z mark 11?	  The role of Richard Z Mark 11 was played by actor Robert Picardo.
213	which rail gauge has a minimum width smaller than 1000.0?	  Narrow gauge rail has a minimum width of 750.0 mm or 29.5 inches.
214	which unit of acceleration has the smallest acceleration in meters per second squared?gal	  The unit of acceleration with the smallest acceleration in meters per second squared is milligal (mGal), which is equal to one-thousandth of a gal.
215	how many classes of electric locomotives are built by toshiba corporation?	  Toshiba Corporation does not manufacture electric locomotives.
216	what is the name for the spanish customary units of length?	  The Spanish customary units of length are known as the vara and the legua.
217	the computer keyboard supports what video games?	  Most computer keyboards support any video game that can be played with a keyboard and mouse. Popular genres that work well with the keyboard include strategy games, role-playing games, and first-person shooters.
218	what unit of speed shares a measurement system with stilb?	  Stilb is a unit of luminance, and speed is typically measured in either kilometers per hour (km/h) or miles per hour (mph). Both of these units of measurement use the metric system.
219	which conference event focuses on computer graphics?	  SIGGRAPH (Special Interest Group on Computer Graphics and Interactive Techniques) is an annual conference event that focuses on computer graphics and interactive techniques.
220	what is used to measure unit of surface density in international system of units?	  The unit of surface density in the International System of Units (SI) is kilograms per square meter (kg/m2).
221	zx interface 2 supports the peripherals of which video game version?	  The Nintendo GameCube.
222	name the unit of magnetic field strength of a measurement system that has the data rate units of gigabit per second.	  Tesla (T).
223	who developed resistance: retribution video game?	  The developers of Resistance: Retribution are Sony Bend Studio and SCE Cambridge Studio.
224	david reitzas produced which musical recording?	  David Reitzas has produced a number of musical recordings, including albums by Taylor Swift, Barbra Streisand, Celine Dion, and Annie Lennox.
225	what television series season began originally on 1966-01-12?	  The television series season that began on 1966-01-12 is the first season of the classic sci-fi series, Star Trek.
226	who is a basketball coach that has 2 playoff losses throughout his career?	  Gregg Popovich. He has been the head coach of the San Antonio Spurs since 1996 and has led the team to five NBA championships, but has also lost in the playoffs twice.
227	which film editor has the maximum height?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as film editors come in all shapes and sizes.
228	portal: prelude soundtrack is the soundtrack of what video game?	  The soundtrack is for the video game, "Prelude of the Chambered," developed by Notch and released in 2011.
229	what format does the station which broadcasts radio3 scienza use?	  Radio3 Scienza broadcasts in both FM and digital audio broadcasting (DAB) formats.
230	which olympic game has the largest number of participating countries? 	  The Summer Olympic Games typically have the largest number of participating countries of all Olympic Games, with over 200 countries participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
231	unterhaltungssoftware selbstkontrolle is apart of the video game rating in which system?	  Die Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle (USK) ist Teil des Videospiel-Bewertungssystems in Deutschland.
232	which travel destination is the place where michael prichard is published?	  Michael Prichard is a published author, but there is no specific travel destination associated with him.
233	what are brainiac and tails the fox's occupation?	  Brainiac is a super-intelligent alien and Tails the Fox is a sidekick to Sonic the Hedgehog. Both Brainiac and Tails are fictional characters and do not have occupations.
234	name the image which appears in the topic gallery armenian rock.	  The image that appears in the topic gallery for Armenian Rock is a picture of the band System of a Down.
235	is 1250 the iso settings of what kind of equipment?	  The ISO 1250 setting is typically used on digital cameras.
236	the latest presentation was what?	  The latest presentation was on the company's new product launch.
237	what is the order of chivalry of royal victorian order?	  The Order of the Royal Victorian Order is a dynastic order of knighthood established in 1896 by Queen Victoria. The Order is composed of five classes in order of seniority: Knight Grand Cross (GCVO), Knight Commander (KCVO), Commander (CVO), Lieutenant (LVO) and Member (MVO).
238	ampere per metre belongs to the same measurement system as what unit of time?	  Seconds.
239	bandai co., ltd. developed what number of video game compilations?	  It is difficult to provide an exact number as Bandai Co., Ltd. has developed many different video game compilations over the years.
240	airlines is a major customer or which consumer company?	  American Airlines is a major consumer company that provides air transportation services to millions of customers each year.
241	the mass unit planetary mass is used in what measurement system?	  The mass unit planetary mass is used in the astronomical system of units.
242	4 has what radio program?	  The BBC Radio 4 program is called "Today". It is a news and current affairs program that is broadcast every weekday morning.
243	what conference series does organization of world heritage cities sponsor?	  The Organization of World Heritage Cities sponsors the World Heritage Cities International Conference series.
244	questioning the millenium is an episode with what radio episode segment?	  The episode is part of the BBC Radio 4 series "In Our Time" hosted by Melvyn Bragg.
245	which measurement system's absorbed dose rate unit is gray per second?	  The absorbed dose rate unit of the International System of Units (SI) is Gray per second (Gy/s).
246	name a music video director who weighs at least 48.0.	  Hype Williams
247	the ship designed who also designed the bill langan is who?	  The designer of the Bill Langan ship is not known.
248	the conference proceedings of fourth international partners in flight conference are what?	  The Conference Proceedings of the Fourth International Partners in Flight Conference are a collection of papers and presentations from the conference, which was held in April 2021. The conference focused on bird conservation and habitat management, and included presentations from experts from around the world.
249	which medical trial design that uses efficacy and safety of spd417 in treatment of manic symptoms in adults with bipolar i disorder has the lowest number of expected total enrollment?	  The lowest number of expected total enrollment for a medical trial design that uses efficacy and safety of SPD417 in treatment of manic symptoms in adults with bipolar I disorder would be a Phase 2 trial. Phase 2 trials typically involve fewer participants than Phase 3 trials, which are typically used to evaluate the safety and efficacy of a drug in a larger population.
250	hitachi built which locomotive class?	  Hitachi built the Class 395 Javelin electric multiple units (EMU) for the Southeastern franchise.
251	which video game compilation includes final fight cd?	  The Capcom Generations series includes Final Fight CD as part of its compilation.
252	what video game version was developed by the developer of lego the hobbit?	  The Lego The Hobbit video game was developed by Traveller's Tales and released in 2014 for PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Wii U, Nintendo 3DS and Windows PC.
253	which chromosome has a locus of 18 - [27663900,27777066]?	  Chromosome 2.
254	preferred boutique is owned by which management group?	  The management group that owns a preferred boutique varies depending on the boutique.
255	second life utilizes which video game engine?	  Second Life uses the proprietary Linden Scripting Language (LSL), an object-oriented programming language.
256	which character in the marvel comics universe is havok's sibling?	  Havok's sibling is Cyclops, also known as Scott Summers.
257	emma lake holds what conference?	  The annual Lemma Lake Conference is hosted by the Lemma Lake Institute and is focused on the topics of sustainability, conservation, and education.
258	the norwegian units of measurement incorpates how many units of length?	  There are four units of length in the Norwegian units of measurement: mil (1.609 km), alen (2.048 m), fot (30.48 cm), and tomme (2.54 cm).
259	the iver c. ranum high school is classified as what type of school?	  Iver C. Ranum High School is classified as a public high school.
260	what video games are there for x68000?	  Some of the most popular video games for the X68000 include Street Fighter II, Super Street Fighter II Turbo, Wolfenstein 3D, Super Aleste, Gradius II, Parodius, Populous, Xevious, and Ys I & II.
261	what elections were held during the maine state elections, 2008?	  The Maine State Elections, 2008 included the general election for U.S. Senate, U.S. House of Representatives, Governor, State Senate, and State House of Representatives. Other elections held during the Maine State Elections, 2008 included a referendum on the minimum wage, a referendum on tax reform, a referendum on medical marijuana, a referendum on bear hunting, and a referendum on same-sex marriage.
262	which system of measurement includes gill as a unit of volume?	  The Imperial system of measurement includes the gill as a unit of volume.
263	which unit of length has a max distance in meters?	  The kilometer (km) is the unit of length that has a maximum distance of 1,000 meters.
264	israel produces what kind of beer?	  Israel produces a variety of beer styles, including lagers, pilsners, ales, wheat beers, and stouts. Some of the more popular Israeli breweries include Goldstar, Maccabee, and Malka.
265	the us customary unit is a measurement system for what?	  The US customary unit is a measurement system for length, mass, volume, temperature, time, and other physical quantities.
266	8000.0 bits per second is the rate of which unit of data transmission?	  This rate is equivalent to 1 megabit per second (Mbps).
267	how many video game compilations did grasshopper manufacture develop?	  Grasshopper Manufacture has not developed any video game compilations.
268	what broadcast genre in radio would programs containing the subject of historical sciences fall under?	  Programs containing the subject of historical sciences would likely fall under the genre of educational/informational radio.
269	what conference series is focused on the armadillocon?	  Armadillocon is a literary science fiction convention held annually in Austin, Texas. It is part of the DeepSouthCon series of conventions.
270	what is the conference venue for oscon 2013?	  The OSCON 2013 conference was held at the Oregon Convention Center in Portland, Oregon.
271	what is sports league championship event for us open cup?	  The US Open Cup is the annual national championship of men's soccer in the United States. It is organized by the United States Soccer Federation (USSF) and is open to all amateur and professional teams affiliated with USSF. The tournament has been held since 1914 and the winner is crowned the US Open Cup champion.
272	what is the central focus of the radio program episode talk of the nation: memes?	  No, the central focus of the Radio Program Episode Talk of the Nation is not memes. The central focus of the program is to discuss current events, politics, and culture.
273	what american football team does lovie coach?	  Lovie Smith is the head coach of the Illinois Fighting Illini college football team.
274	where is the mall at rockingham park located?	  The Mall at Rockingham Park is located at 99 Rockingham Park Blvd, Salem, NH 03079.
275	defrag uses which kind of video game engine?	  Defrag does not use a video game engine. It is a standalone application that can be used to optimize the performance of a computer's hard drive by defragmenting the data stored on it.
276	which unit of resistance has a resistance in ohms of 1.0?	  The unit of resistance with a resistance of 1.0 ohms is the ohm.
277	in international system of units what is the unit of surface tension?	  The unit of surface tension in the International System of Units (SI) is the newton per meter (N/m).
278	chennai - bangalore double decker express belongs to what class?	  The Chennai - Bangalore Double Decker Express belongs to the Superfast Express class.
279	name the video game version which has the peripherals supported by xbox 360 kinect.	  The Xbox 360 Kinect version of the game supports peripherals such as the Xbox Live Vision camera and the Xbox Live Headset.
280	which fictional universe is the empyrean odyssey set at?	  The Empyrean Odyssey is set in the fictional universe of the video game series, Xenoblade Chronicles.
281	which serial installment has an installment number smaller than 5?	  All of the serial installments have an installment number of 5 or greater.
282	at sea level, which rocket engine has the lowest thrust?	  The engine with the lowest thrust at sea level would be a cold gas thruster. Cold gas thrusters typically generate thrusts of only a few newtons, which is far lower than other rocket engines.
283	gwr hercules class is what class of locomotive?	  The GWR Hercules Class is a type of 4-6-0 steam locomotive built by the Great Western Railway between 1891 and 1915. It was the most powerful locomotive built by the Great Western Railway and the most powerful 4-6-0 locomotive in the United Kingdom.
284	what olympic game has the biggest number of countries that participate?	  The Summer Olympic Games have the highest number of participating countries, with 205 countries having participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
285	on 2001-06-11 this person was buried.	  The exact date and location of the burial are not known.
286	in what constellation can the star 30 geminorum be found?	  30 Geminorum can be found in the constellation Gemini.
287	id tech 4 is proceeded by which video game engine?	  id Tech 3.
288	wii remotes supports what video games?	  Wii remotes support a wide variety of video games, including Wii Sports, Mario Kart, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Wii Fit, Just Dance, and many more.
289	what is the name of the video game dawn of mana's soundtrack?	  The soundtrack for Dawn of Mana is called "Mana: Music from the Video Game".
290	which recurring event has the minimum date of final occurrence?	  There is no single event that has a minimum date of final occurrence. The date of the final occurrence of any recurring event will depend on the specific event and its circumstances.
291	which unit of radiant intensity has the intensity is 1.0 in watts per steradian?	  The unit of radiant intensity with an intensity of 1.0 in watts per steradian is the candela (cd).
292	the subject of conservation is broadcast about on what radio program genre?	  Conservation topics are often discussed on public radio programs, especially those in the news and talk genres.
293	red orb entertainment published which video game version?	  Red Orb Entertainment has published a variety of video games, including the classic "Baldur's Gate" series, "The Witcher" series, "Neverwinter Nights," "The Bard's Tale," "SpellForce," and "Divinity: Original Sin."
294	international system of units utilizes capacitance as its measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not use capacitance as a unit of measurement. Instead, it uses the farad (F) as the derived unit of capacitance.
295	how many units of length are there in the finnish obsolete units of measurement?	  There are six units of length in the Finnish obsolete units of measurement: kuusi (1.98 meters), mitta (1.08 meters), versta (0.944 meters), sauma (0.66 meters), palttina (0.33 meters) and tuuma (0.097 meters).
296	10/14/2010 was the release date of which video game?	  The video game released on 10/14/2010 was Fable III for Xbox 360.
297	what is the name of the poem character that appears in odyssey?	  The main character of Homer's Odyssey is Odysseus.
298	which electric locomotive class was introduced most recently?	  The most recently introduced electric locomotive class is the Siemens Vectron.
299	in the measurement system that uses metre per second for speed, what measure is used for a unit of density?	  The unit of density in the metric system is kilograms per cubic metre (kg/m^3).
300	strip poker professional is in what video game genre?	  Strip poker is a type of casino game, typically classified as a form of gambling.
301	wdev contains what type of content?	  Wdev typically contains web development content, such as tutorials, articles, and code snippets. It may also include discussions of web development topics, such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
302	which character from comic-books is featured in hellboy: wake the devil and appears frequently in the hellboy universe?	  The character from comic books featured in Hellboy: Wake the Devil and appearing frequently in the Hellboy universe is Abe Sapien.
303	the international system of units measurement system uses which unit for capacitance?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the Farad (F) as the unit of capacitance.
304	bharat heavy electricals limited is the builder of which class of locomotives?	  Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) is a leading manufacturer of electric locomotives in India. BHEL manufactures both AC and DC traction locomotives for Indian Railways, including the WAP-7, WAG-9, WAG-12, WAG-7, and WAM-4.
305	who has been contacted by oliver heese?	  It is not clear who Oliver Heese has contacted.
306	which website has been initiated from https://www.bglgroup.co.uk/?	  The website that has been initiated from https://www.bglgroup.co.uk/ is the BGL Group website. BGL Group is a financial services company based in the UK. The website provides information about the company, its products and services, news and events, and contact information.
307	atsf 3450 class belongs to which locomotive class?	  The AT&SF 3450 Class is a 4-8-4 Northern-type steam locomotive built for the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (AT&SF) in 1936 and 1937.
308	the short ton is used as a measurement of mass in what system?	  The short ton is used as a measurement of mass in the Imperial system.
309	which browser was most recently released by the creators of wma?	  The latest browser released by the creators of Windows Media Player is Microsoft Edge.
310	what video game does xbox 360 controller support?	  The Xbox 360 controller supports a wide variety of popular video games, including all of the major sports titles, as well as many popular first-person shooters, action-adventure games, and role-playing games. Popular titles include Halo 3, Gears of War, Call of Duty, Grand Theft Auto, and Skyrim.
311	hudswell clarke is the builder of which class of locomotives?	  Hudswell Clarke is most well known for building 0-6-0ST (saddle tank) locomotives for industrial and colliery use.
312	what's the name of nasa's shortest recording?	  The shortest recording from NASA is a recording of the words "Yes, sir" spoken by Neil Armstrong during the Apollo 11 mission.
313	which unit of power is a part of a measurement system that has magnetic field strength units like ampere per metre?	  The unit of power in a measurement system that has magnetic field strength units like ampere per metre is the watt (W).
314	the person who founded the united states coast guard also founded what government agency?	  The person who founded the United States Coast Guard was Alexander Hamilton, who also founded the United States Revenue Cutter Service, which later became the United States Coast Guard.
315	what plays are composed by scott warrender?	  Scott Warrender has composed several plays, including "The Art of the Possible", "The Madman and the Nun", "The Drunken Boat", "The Glass Menagerie", "The Time of Your Life", "The Tempest", and "The Haunting of Hill House".
316	what is the number of seasons 82 has?	  There are four seasons in 82: spring, summer, autumn, and winter.
317	which project puts emphasis on linear precoding method for mimo wireless based on channel estimate and channel statistics?	  The 5G-NR project is one of the most prominent projects that puts emphasis on linear precoding methods for MIMO wireless systems based on channel estimates and channel statistics. 5G-NR is a new air interface developed by 3GPP for the 5G New Radio (NR) access technology. It is designed to support a wide range of services, including enhanced mobile broadband, massive machine-type communications, ultra-reliable low-latency communications, and more. The 5G-NR project also includes a number of advanced precoding techniques, such as linear precoding, that are designed to improve the performance of MIMO wireless systems.
318	which organism has a height larger than1.0?	  Any organism with a height larger than 1.0, including humans, trees, birds, and many other animals.
319	who created the communicationssprache language?	  The Communicationssprache language was created by German computer scientist Peter Naur in the 1960s.
320	troy ounce is measured using what unit of mass?	  Troy ounces are measured using the avoirdupois unit of mass, which is equal to 1/12th of a pound, or 28.35 grams.
321	what is the number of game expansions that microprose software, inc has published?	  It is impossible to answer this question with certainty since Microprose Software, Inc. has been acquired and rebranded several times since its founding in 1982.
322	which measurement system is the electric field strength unit of watt per square metre per steradian ?	  The electric field strength unit of watt per square metre per steradian is measured using the SI (International System of Units) system.
323	what beer style has an srm range with largest low value?	  The beer style with the largest low SRM value is American Light Lager, which has a range of 2-4 SRM.
324	which unit of capacitance is used to represent 1.0 capacitance in farads?	  The Farad (F) is the unit of capacitance used to measure 1.0 Farad of capacitance.
325	the hobbies and interests genre is the parent of how many other media genres?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of media genres related to hobbies and interests can vary depending on the individual's interests.
326	which comic book characters that were created by joe simon appeared in civil war, part one of seven?	  The comic book characters created by Joe Simon that appeared in Civil War, Part One of Seven were Captain America and Bucky.
327	which measuring instrument is an clocks subclass?	  A clock is a subclass of a measuring instrument, specifically a timekeeping instrument. Examples of clocks include wristwatches, wall clocks, alarm clocks, grandfather clocks, and atomic clocks.
328	what unit of density is used in the international system of units measurement system?	  Kilogram per cubic meter (kg/m3) is the unit of density used in the International System of Units (SI).
329	american football and canadian football are associated with what sports position?	  The position associated with both American football and Canadian football is quarterback.
330	p-59 airacomet is considered what type of aircraft?	  The North American P-59 Airacomet was the first American jet fighter aircraft, developed in World War II.
331	atomic mass unit is part of what measurement system?	  The atomic mass unit is part of the metric system, specifically the International System of Units (SI).
332	how many game compilations are in the genre of adventure gaming?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of adventure game compilations available is constantly changing.
333	road bicycle racing was coached by who?	  Cycling coaches can come from a variety of backgrounds, including competitive cyclists, physical therapists, and nutritionists. Some well-known cycling coaches include Chris Carmichael, Dave Scott, and Joe Friel.
334	how many game expansions has microsoft studios released?	  Microsoft Studios has released over 130 game expansions since its founding in 2002.
335	what drugs are classified legally as general sale list?	  General sale list drugs are those that can be sold without a prescription and are classified as over-the-counter (OTC) medications. Examples include ibuprofen, paracetamol, antacids, cough and cold medicines, antihistamines, and vitamins.
336	1000.0 kilograms per cubic meter is equal to which unit of density?	  Kilograms per cubic meter is a unit of density.
337	where is the version developed by first star software and distributed through virtual console released?	  The version of the game developed by First Star Software and distributed through Virtual Console was released on the Wii U eShop.
338	what measurement system uses liters for volume?	  The metric system uses liters for volume.
339	1372.0 is the minimum width of which rail gauge?	  1435 mm (standard gauge).
340	what are different kinds of seo consultant extended by?  (i don't think this original question makes any sense in english. so i did the best i could.)	  Different types of SEO consultants may offer a variety of services, such as:   - On-Page SEO: optimizing website content, HTML code, and structure for search engine visibility  - Off-Page SEO: building backlinks and increasing domain authority  - Technical SEO: auditing website speed and mobile-friendliness  - Local SEO: optimizing for local search results  - E-Commerce SEO: optimizing product pages for maximum visibility  - Content Marketing: creating content to attract and engage target audiences  - Keyword Research & Analysis: researching and analyzing keywords to target  - Link Building: building links to improve ranking  - Reporting & Analytics: providing data-driven insights and recommendations  - Conversion Rate Optimization: optimizing websites to improve user experience and increase conversions.
341	what religious text is association with religions that practice the samayika?	  Samayika is a spiritual practice associated with Jainism and is mentioned in various Jain religious texts, such as the Tattvartha Sutra, the Samayasara, and the Ratnakaranda Shravakachara.
342	what game version for the xbox 360 kinect supports the europe region?	  The Xbox 360 Kinect supports the European region for all game versions.
343	the moçâmedes railway has how many railway terminus?	  The Moçâmedes Railway has two railway termini: Moçâmedes and Namibe.
344	mark koneff is acknowledged by what scholarly work?	  Koneff is most notably recognized for his work on the topic of "Innovative Strategies for Teaching Mathematics" which was published in the International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education in 2012.
345	which locomotive class has a maximum speed of 100.0?	  The EMD F40PH locomotive class has a maximum speed of 100.0 mph (161 km/h).
346	which sites are protected within the washington state park system?	  The Washington State Park System protects over 120 parks, including:  -Fort Worden State Park -Deception Pass State Park -Mount Rainier National Park -Olympic National Park -Snoqualmie Falls State Park -Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument -Washington State Capitol State Park -Riverside State Park -Mount Spokane State Park -Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest -North Cascades National Park -Lake Chelan State Park -Lake Wenatchee State Park -Steamboat Rock State Park -Ginkgo Petrified Forest State Park -Ridgefield National Wildlife Refuge -Columbia Hills State Park -Marymoor Park -Wallace Falls State Park -Beacon Rock State Park -Ike Kinswa State Park -Palouse Falls State Park -San Juan Islands National Monument -Cape Disappointment State Park -Klondike Gold Rush National Historical Park -Kitsap Memorial State Park -Crow Butte State Park -Larrabee State Park -Lake Sammamish State Park -Springer Lake State Park -St. Edward State Park -Tolmie State Park
347	the volumetric flow rate unit of cumecs is a part of which measurement system?	  The volumetric flow rate unit of cumecs is a part of the metric system.
348	what is the organism which has a height larger than 3.9?	  The tallest organism on Earth is the sequoia tree, which can reach heights of over 300 feet (91.4 meters).
349	what conference event has a conference venue associated with the electronic entertainment expo 2012 conference?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo 2012 conference was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center.
350	nokia corporation sponsors what software conference series?	  Nokia sponsors the Qt World Summit series of software conferences.
351	what is the amount of computing platforms that support sp?	  There are many computing platforms that support SP, including Windows, Linux, Mac, iOS, Android, and Web.
352	what unit of inductance contains 1.0 inductance in henries?	  1 henry
353	the international system of units uses which unit for specific volume?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the unit of cubic meters (m3) for specific volume.
354	name the most recently broadcast radio program.	  The most recently broadcast radio program will depend on the station and time zone.
355	which medical trial design using pharmacological modulation of cocaine effects – 1 has the least number of expected total enrollment?	  The most efficient medical trial design for pharmacological modulation of cocaine effects with the least expected total enrollment would be a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with a small sample size. Such a trial would involve randomly assigning a small number of participants to receive either an experimental medication or a placebo, and then measuring the effects of the medication on cocaine use and related outcomes.
356	which type of video game engine does challenge promode use?	  Challenge Promode uses the Quake III Arena engine.
357	pint (us dry) is a volume unit included in what?	  The U.S. dry pint is a unit of volume included in the United States customary units of measurement.
358	revision control is the genre of software for which protocol provider?	  Git is the most popular version control system protocol provider.
359	mormon theology is a religion based on what?	  Mormon theology is based on the teachings of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which was founded by Joseph Smith in the early 1800s. It is based on the Bible and other scriptures, such as the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price. The religion emphasizes the importance of living a Christ-centered life and following His teachings. It also emphasizes the importance of family and community, and has a strong emphasis on service and charity.
360	how many video game compilations did behaviour interactive develop?	  Behaviour Interactive has not developed any video game compilations.
361	what software conference is sponsored by red hat software?	  Red Hat Summit is the annual conference sponsored by Red Hat Software.
362	what unit of time is in the measurement system with the illuminance units lux?	  Lux is a unit of illuminance and is measured in lumens per square meter (lm/m2). The unit of time associated with this measurement system is seconds.
363	what is the olympic game with the least number of events?	  The Olympic sport with the fewest events is equestrian dressage, which has only two events.
364	what is the uncompressed format that leica d-lux 4 uses?	  The Leica D-Lux 4 uses the RAW file format, which is an uncompressed format.
365	who is the owner of the website with api access to flof.com.ar?	  The owner of the website with API access to flof.com.ar is Flof S.A., a company based in Argentina.
366	what other file format(s) belong to the same genre as the property list?	  Other file formats that belong to the same genre as the property list include XML, JSON, YAML, and INI.
367	what video game series also includes a video game expansion that was designed by kevin d. saunders?	  The video game series is The Elder Scrolls, and the expansion designed by Kevin D. Saunders is The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim - Dawnguard.
368	the conference proceedings of giscience 2012 are what?	  The conference proceedings of GIScience 2012 is a collection of scholarly papers presented at the GIScience 2012 conference. The papers cover topics such as geospatial technologies, geovisualization, and geographic information systems (GIS).
369	militia is played by what radio station?	  Militia is not a radio station; it is a heavy metal band from Finland.
370	exdream entertainment gbr created which video games?	  Exdream Entertainment GmbH is a German video game development studio based in Cologne, Germany. They are best known for developing the video game series Spellforce, as well as the game series Gothic. Other games developed by Exdream Entertainment include Ankh, Ankh: Heart of Osiris, Ankh: Battle of the Gods, and The Guild 2.
371	what is the unit of dose equivalance of 1.0 sieverts?	  The unit of dose equivalence for 1.0 sieverts is 1.0 sieverts (Sv).
372	which rocket engines can thrust 1.519e+06?	  The SpaceX Merlin 1D rocket engine is capable of thrusting 1.519e+06.
373	which measurement system has the luminance units of foot-lambert?	  The Imperial (or English) measurement system has the luminance unit of foot-lambert.
374	which conference series is sponsored by jacques lacan, and is also a type of seminar?	  The Jacques Lacan Seminar Series is an annual international seminar series sponsored by the École de la Cause freudienne, founded by Jacques Lacan.
375	the developer of doraon yeongung hong gildong also developed what video game version?	  The developer of Doraon Yeongung Hong Gildong, Hong Gildong Co., Ltd., has not developed any other video game versions.
376	find albums composed by fettah can	  1. Gülümse (2014) 2. Güneş (2015) 3. Gülümse 2 (2018) 4. Güneş 2 (2019) 5. Dünya (2020)
377	what is the name of the religion that is part of abrahamic faiths and has same practices with protestantism?	  The religion is called Evangelical Christianity.
378	what is the hate crimes: america's cancer about?	  Hate Crimes: America's Cancer is a documentary that explores the rise in hate crimes in the United States. It examines the history of hate crimes in the country, the motivations behind them, and the impact they have on communities. It also looks at the legal and social responses to hate crimes and how they can be prevented. The documentary is an effort to raise awareness and encourage action against hate crimes.
379	what company developed the emilio sanchez vicario grand slam video game?	  The Emilio Sanchez Vicario Grand Slam video game was developed by U.S. Gold.
380	the composition of omg is on which musical album?	  OMG is a song by American rapper Usher, featuring will.i.am. It is the lead single from his sixth studio album, Raymond v. Raymond (2010).
381	what locomotive classes are built by regina, saskatchewan?	  Regina, Saskatchewan is home to the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) Locomotive Shops, which build the following locomotive classes:   -EMD SD70ACe -EMD SD75I -EMD SD90MAC-H -EMD SD9043MAC -EMD SD70M-2 -EMD SD75M -EMD SD90MAC-H -EMD SD90MAC-2 -EMD SD90MAC-2C -EMD SD70AH-T4 -GE AC4400CW
382	what unit of amount concentration is used to measure in international system of units?	  The unit of amount concentration used to measure in the International System of Units is moles per cubic meter (mol/m3).
383	how many organizations in fiction are there in the marvel comics universe?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the Marvel Comics Universe is constantly expanding and evolving.
384	which aircraft model is of the experimental vtol fighter aircraft type?	  The Bell X-22 is an experimental VTOL fighter aircraft.
385	which game play mode is the game that supports beatmania controller?	  The game that supports the Beatmania controller is the Beatmania IIDX series. It is a rhythm game that requires the use of a special controller to play. The controller has seven buttons and a turntable.
386	what are the rocket engines that can thrust at 787920.0?	  The SpaceX Merlin 1D rocket engine is capable of thrusting at 787920.0 N (177,500 lbf). This engine is used on the Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launch vehicles.
387	the live recordings of flashpoint is part of what concert tour?	  The live recordings of Flashpoint were part of the Rolling Stones' Steel Wheels/Urban Jungle Tour in 1989-1990.
388	which one of the units has the lowest pressure in pascals?	  The unit with the lowest pressure in pascals is the millipascal (mPa).
389	flattery is all right if you don't inhale. is part of what quote?	  This phrase is part of a quote attributed to American comedian Groucho Marx: "Flattery is all right so long as you don't inhale."
390	is angular frequency be defined by 1.0 radians per second?	  Yes, angular frequency can be defined by 1.0 radians per second. Angular frequency is the rate of change of angular position of a body over time, and it is measured in units of radians per second (rad/s).
391	which disney amusement park rides accomodate less than 2400 people in 60 minutes?	  -The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh -Pirates of the Caribbean -It's a Small World -Peter Pan's Flight -Big Thunder Mountain Railroad -Splash Mountain -Space Mountain -Jungle Cruise -Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin -Dumbo the Flying Elephant
392	evolution theory is dominantly featured in what conference?	  The Evolutionary Biology Meeting is the largest international conference dedicated to evolutionary biology and related topics.
393	ieee 802.11 committee is part of which organization?	  The IEEE 802.11 committee is part of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).
394	which grade level has the typical age (minimum) of 11?	  The typical age of 11 would be fifth grade.
395	0.303 meters is the distance in which unit of length?	  This is the distance in meters.
396	name the video game rating system which has a content discriptor horror?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) content descriptor for horror is "Mature 17+".
397	where is william clinton published?	  William Clinton has been published in many publications, including The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Guardian, The Atlantic, and The Wall Street Journal.
398	how many holy orders practicing religions are there?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as there are many different religious orders practicing various religions around the world.
399	what holiday is related to sukkot and is a holiday of judaism?	  The holiday related to Sukkot is Shemini Atzeret, which is a Jewish holiday of thanksgiving and celebration.
400	which video game designer designed both donkey kong: jungle beat and wave race 64?	  The video game designer who designed both Donkey Kong: Jungle Beat and Wave Race 64 is Shigeru Miyamoto.
401	what is the unit of data transmission speed found in the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of data transmission speed in the International System of Units (SI) is the bit per second (bps).
402	international system of units are used to measure what units of mass?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the kilogram (kg) to measure mass.
403	on 06/22/2004 which radio program had a final broadcast?	  The final broadcast of the radio program "A Prairie Home Companion" hosted by Garrison Keillor aired on June 26, 2016.
404	who sponsored the same conference series as shuttleworth foundation?	  The Shuttleworth Foundation has partnered with a number of organizations to host conferences, including the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), the Open Source Initiative (OSI), the Open Source Software Alliance (OSSA), the Free Software Foundation (FSF), the Open Source Initiative Europe (OSIE), the Internet Society (ISOC), and the Linux Foundation.
405	what is the international system of units's unit of force?	  The international system of units' unit of force is the Newton (N).
406	virtual console, which is developed by sega of japan, was released where?	  The Sega Virtual Console was released in North America and Europe for the Wii in 2006.
407	of the electric locomotive classes, which was introduced most recently?	  The most recently introduced electric locomotive class is the Siemens Vectron.
408	which unit of energy is of the same measurement system as cumecs?	  The same unit of energy measurement system as cumecs is joules (J).
409	which units of length are associated with the system where mass is measured in grains?	  Inches and feet are the most common units of length associated with the system where mass is measured in grains.
410	freeform are played on which radio station?	  Freeform is a format of music played on many radio stations across the United States. Some of the most popular radio stations that play freeform music include KEXP in Seattle, KCRW in Los Angeles, KUTX in Austin, WFUV in New York City, and WXPN in Philadelphia.
411	what is the unit of magnetic field strength of a measurement system that contains the data rate units of terabit per second?	  The unit of magnetic field strength for a measurement system with terabit per second data rate units is Tesla (T).
412	name the school newspaper from east carolina college.	  The East Carolinian
413	what has been influenced by berzerk?	  Berzerk has had a major influence on the gaming industry, particularly in the shoot 'em up genre. It has inspired many other games, such as Robotron: 2084, Smash TV, Geometry Wars, and Super Smash Bros. It has also been referenced in various other media, such as the movie Wreck-It Ralph and the TV show The Simpsons.
414	which restaurants serve the food saimin?	  Saimin is a type of noodle dish that is popular in Hawaii. Restaurants that serve saimin can be found throughout the Hawaiian Islands, as well as in some mainland cities with significant Hawaiian populations. Some notable restaurants that serve saimin include Zippy's, Rainbow Drive-In, and Ono Hawaiian Foods.
415	what is the conference series that belongs to the same conference event as joseph b. martin conference center?	  The Joseph B. Martin Conference Center is part of the Harvard Medical School's Grand Rounds Conference Series.
416	the albums selena live 2010 and cómplices al rescate: mariana both have what content types?	  Selena Live 2010: Live Album Cómplices al Rescate: Mariana: Soundtrack Album
417	what class of ships have a max speed of 23.5?	  Cruise ships typically have a maximum speed of 23.5 knots (27 mph).
418	1.0 strength in volts per meter is what type of measurement?	  1.0 strength in volts per meter is a measurement of electric field strength.
419	what is the measure for a unit of permeability under the international system of units system?	  The measure for a unit of permeability under the International System of Units (SI) is the henry per meter (H/m).
420	the website which had the api digg api was owned by who?	  Digg was owned by Betaworks.
421	x64 is supported by what game?	  The game that supports x64 is Grand Theft Auto V.
422	describe the upper material class of quartz sand.	  Quartz sand is composed of small grains of quartz, which is a durable and hard mineral. It is typically classified as a medium-grained, granular sedimentary rock. Quartz sand has a smooth texture and is often used in construction and manufacturing applications. It is also used as an abrasive for cleaning and polishing, as well as for filtration and water treatment.
423	what video game version does racing wheel support?	  It depends on the specific racing wheel model. Generally, racing wheels are designed to be compatible with the latest versions of popular console and PC games.
424	the twin series vol. 3 – konchuu monster/super chinese labyrinth and ultra baken game were developed by which developer?	  The twin series vol. 3 – Konchuu Monster/Super Chinese Labyrinth and Ultra Baken Game were developed by Bandai.
425	how many types overall does bazman include?	  Bazman includes six main types: Adventure, Action, Simulation, Strategy, Puzzle, and Role-Playing.
426	what professional field does media scholar belong to?	  Media scholars typically belong to the field of media studies, which is an interdisciplinary field of study that examines the production, consumption, and effects of media and communication technologies.
427	what is the unit of power in the measurement system that uses henries?	  The unit of power in the measurement system that uses henries is watts (W).
428	which system is hundredweight used as a mass unit of measurement?	  Hundredweight is used as a mass unit of measurement in the Imperial System, also known as the British Imperial System.
429	what segment of the radio episodes has fresh air: may 21, 2002?	  The segment of the radio episode from May 21, 2002 was an interview with author and journalist David Halberstam about his book, The Best and the Brightest.
430	what is the holiday of christian religion that is related to easter week?	  The holiday is called Holy Week, and it is the week leading up to Easter Sunday. It begins with Palm Sunday and ends with Easter Sunday. It is a time of reflection and preparation for the celebration of Jesus' resurrection.
431	zunyi medical college is what type of school?	  Zunyi Medical College is a public medical school located in Zunyi, Guizhou Province, China. It is affiliated with the Guizhou Provincial People's Hospital and is part of the Guizhou Medical University.
432	the measurement system non-si units mentioned in the si has what unit pressure?	  The unit of pressure in the SI system is the Pascal (Pa).
433	what is the number of units of energy there is in the measurement system which has the specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram.	  The number of units of energy in the measurement system with specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram is Joules (J).
434	what are the number of characters that appear on the cover of 2000 ad prog 1594?	  There are no specific characters that appear on the cover of 2000 AD Prog 1594.
435	blackberry supports which video game platform?	  Blackberry does not support any video game platforms.
436	in what television series episode is the previous episode is live! with kelly and michael season 21 episode 127?	  The previous episode of Live! With Kelly and Michael was Season 21 Episode 126, which aired on October 5, 2015.
437	the locus of 9 + [90193234,90280523] is in what chromosome?	  This locus is not specific enough to determine which chromosome it is located in.
438	which book edition was speech enabled a reader for?	  The Speech Enabled A Reader book edition was released in 2020.
439	which platform for video games has pro pinball: the web?	  No, Pro Pinball: The Web is a computer game released in 1998 for Windows and Mac OS.
440	for which unit of resistance, resistance in ohms is 1.0?	  This is referring to a unit of resistance called the ohm.
441	the music video live it up was choreographed by who?	  The music video for "Live It Up" was choreographed by Charm La'Donna.
442	what's the name of the theater where the woman in white is put on?	  The Woman in White is often performed at the Fortune Theatre in London.
443	what is the holiday associated with feast of trumpets and is a holiday of judaism?	  The Feast of Trumpets is a Jewish holiday known as Rosh Hashanah. It is a two-day celebration that marks the start of the Jewish New Year.
444	the computer designer for macintosh 512k and next computer was whom?	  The computer designer for the Macintosh 512K and the original Next Computer was Jef Raskin.
445	what comic book genre does the sandman: dream country and naruto shippuden belong to?	  Sandman: Dream Country belongs to the comic book genre of fantasy, while Naruto Shippuden belongs to the comic book genre of action/adventure.
446	of theater companies that are a privately held company, which produced the real thing?	  1. The Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts 2. Jujamcyn Theaters 3. The Shubert Organization 4. Nederlander Organization 5. The Schubert Group 6. Broadway Across America 7. Cirque du Soleil 8. Blue Man Group 9. Feld Entertainment 10. Live Nation Entertainment
447	chrome engine 6 is the successor to which video game engine?	  Chrome Engine 5.
448	which video game engine is the previous version of id tech 4?	  The previous version of id Tech 4 is id Tech 3.
449	in hertz, what is used to describe a frequency of 8.27e-07?	  8.27e-07 hertz is equivalent to 0.827 millihertz.
450	which multi-event tournament has 70 nations?	  The Summer Olympic Games.
451	what is the name of the video game expansion for diablo 2?	  The expansion for Diablo 2 is called Diablo 2: Lord of Destruction.
452	find all isbns of book editions read by kelly rippa	  1. The Skinny Rules: The Simple, Nonnegotiable Principles for Getting to Thin by Bob Harper (ISBN-13: 978-0446573983)  2. The Best Life Diet: A Simple Plan for Losing Weight and Feeling Great (ISBN-13: 978-1416561862)  3. 10-Day Green Smoothie Cleanse: Lose Up to 15 Pounds in 10 Days! (ISBN-13: 978-1501100109)  4. The 5 Factor Diet: The Simple Secret to Permanent Weight Loss (ISBN-13: 978-0061735363)  5. The Dash Diet Action Plan: Proven to Lower Blood Pressure and Cholesterol Without Medication (ISBN-13: 978-1455512379)
453	pdf format are supported by how many computing platforms?	  PDF files are supported by virtually all computing platforms, including Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, and web browsers.
454	the measurement system that uses micro per degree f as inverse temperature units is called what?	  This measurement system is called the Rankine scale.
455	which class of steam locomotives uses a wheel configuration of 4-2-2?	  The 4-2-2 wheel configuration is used by the American-style 4-4-0 steam locomotive.
456	what theater company produced the seagull and is a private company limited by shares?	  The Seagull was produced by Cheek by Jowl, a theatre company founded in 1981 by Declan Donnellan and Nick Ormerod. The company is a private company limited by shares.
457	alex rollin is the author of which recipe?	  Alex Rollin is the author of the cookbook "The Ultimate Baked Potato Cookbook: More Than 100 Delicious Recipes for the Perfect Baked Potato".
458	what is broadcast genre of radio programs that have subject of paris, france?	  The broadcast genre of radio programs that have a subject of Paris, France would likely be a travel/tourism show or a cultural show.
459	belize network information center was registered by which tld registry?	  Belize Network Information Center is registered by the .BZ domain registry.
460	what is an example of an asteroid in the asteroid family 142 polana?	  142 Polana is an asteroid in the main belt located between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. It was discovered on October 6, 1876, by Johann Palisa and has an estimated diameter of about 28 km.
461	what video games are there for atari 8-bit family?	  1. Adventure 2. Pac-Man 3. Donkey Kong 4. Pitfall! 5. Space Invaders 6. River Raid 7. Star Raiders 8. Moon Patrol 9. Dig Dug 10. Centipede 11. Frogger 12. Kaboom! 13. Pole Position 14. Berzerk 15. Defender 16. Yars' Revenge 17. Super Breakout 18. Gyruss 19. Q*bert 20. Circus Atari
462	what is the genre of the content for play two uk?	  Play Two UK is a British comedy YouTube channel.
463	seventh sphere could be categorized by which fictional setting?	  The seventh sphere could be categorized by the fictional setting of J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth.
464	name the video game that was an expansion of the sims: livin' large.	
465	carl sandburg was featured in what radio episode?	  Carl Sandburg was featured in an episode of the radio show "The American Story" titled "Carl Sandburg: America's Poet."
466	what is the family of a computer processor that is a variant of atmega325p?	  The family of a computer processor that is a variant of ATmega325P is the ATmega family.
467	which isbn has is the book editions of st. james guide to science fiction writers, 4th edition?	  ISBN-10: 0787657864 ISBN-13: 978-0787657869
468	ampere per square metre is the current density unit of what measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
469	what was the first musical soundtrack originally released?	  The first musical soundtrack to be released was the score to the 1927 silent film "The Jazz Singer", composed by Alfred Newman.
470	which radio program has an episode about evolutionary theory?	  The BBC Radio 4 show "In Our Time" has an episode about evolutionary theory titled "Evolution".
471	german obsolete units of measurement is the unit of length in what?	  The obsolete German unit of length is the Zoll (or Zollmaß), which was equal to approximately 2.7 centimeters (1.06 inches).
472	compressed format jpeg (exif 2.2) digital cameras use what type of color filter array?	  Most digital cameras use a Bayer color filter array, which uses a pattern of red, green, and blue filters to capture color information.
473	which ski run is served by sunnyside?	  Sunnyside serves the Lower Big Dipper run at the Sun Valley Resort in Idaho.
474	alendronate sodium has been tested for which medical trial?	  Alendronate sodium has been tested in clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis, as well as for the treatment of Paget's disease of bone.
475	which people are titled motion designer?	  Motion designers are typically graphic designers, animators, or video editors who specialize in creating motion graphics, which are animations or videos used to communicate a message. Motion designers use a variety of software tools, such as Adobe After Effects, Cinema 4D, and Maya, to create their work.
476	if you think you can win, you can win. faith is necessary to victory. is part of what quote?	  "If you think you can win, you can win. Faith is necessary to victory." - George S. Patton
477	grange railway line is featured on what rail network?	  The Grange railway line is part of the Adelaide Metro network in South Australia.
478	which is the unit of time in the non-si units mentioned in the si used to measure less than 86400.0 seconds?	  The unit of time in the non-SI units mentioned in the SI used to measure less than 86400.0 seconds is the day.
479	what is the name of the unit of time that has the smallest time in seconds?	  The smallest unit of time in seconds is a nanosecond, which is one billionth of a second.
480	the musical game that has the version of space channel 5: part 2 is in what gameplay mode?	  Rhythm game.
481	erunaaku no zaihou was created by which video game developer?	  The game was developed by Koei Tecmo.
482	what education can carnegie mellon college of engineering provides?	  Carnegie Mellon College of Engineering offers a wide range of undergraduate and graduate degrees in engineering, including Bachelor of Science (B.S.), Master of Science (M.S.), and Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degrees. The college also offers a number of dual degree programs, minors, and certificates. Areas of study available at the college include Bioengineering, Chemical Engineering, Civil & Environmental Engineering, Electrical & Computer Engineering, Engineering & Public Policy, Materials Science & Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Robotics, and Software Engineering.
483	how many units of length are there in the centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  There are three units of length in the centimetre–gram–second system of units: centimetres (cm), metres (m), and kilometres (km).
484	exposure in coulombs per kilogram is 1.0 in what unit of exposure?	  The unit of exposure is Coulombs per Kilogram (C/kg).
485	international system of units uses which unit of energy?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the Joule (J) as the unit of energy.
486	what tulum valley wine is 17.0 percent alcohol by volume?	  Tulum Valley Wine does not list any specific wines and their alcohol by volume content. However, most wines typically range from 12-15% ABV.
487	the unit of centimetre per second is the speed measurement of what system?	  Centimetre per second is a unit of speed measurement in the metric system.
488	how many contents about radio documentary were produced by the producer of small things considered?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing the name of the producer of Small Things Considered.
489	1.0 kilograms per cubic meter equals to which unit of density?	  1.0 kilograms per cubic meter is a unit of density.
490	what is the unit of meter? 	  The unit of a meter is the meter (m).
491	what songs or albums are released by leo's den music?	  Leo's Den Music has released several albums, including:  -The Dreamer (2020) -The Dreamer II (2020) -The Dreamer III (2020) -The Dreamer IV (2020) -The Dreamer V (2021) -The Dreamer VI (2021) -The Dreamer VII (2021) -The Dreamer VIII (2021) -The Dreamer IX (2021) -The Dreamer X (2021) -The Dreamer XI (2021) -The Dreamer XII (2021) -The Dreamer XIII (2021) -The Dreamer XIV (2021) -The Dreamer XV (2021) -The Dreamer XVI (2021) -The Dreamer XVII (2021) -The Dreamer XVIII (2021) -The Dreamer XIX (2021) -The Dreamer XX (2021) -The Dreamer XXI (2021) -The Dreamer XXII (2021) -The Dreamer XXIII (2021) -The Dreamer XXIV (2021) -The Dreamer XXV (2021) -The Dreamer XXVI (2021) -The Dreamer XXVII (2021) -The Dreamer XXVIII (2021) -The Dreamer XXIX (2021) -The Dreamer XXX (2021) -The Dreamer XXXI (2021) -The Dreamer XXXII (2021) -The Dreamer XXXIII (2021) -The Dreamer XXXIV (2021) -The Dreamer XXXV (2021) -The Dreamer XXXVI (2021) -The Dreamer XXXVII (2021) -The Dreamer XXXVIII (2021) -The Dreamer XXXIX (2021) -The Dreamer XL (2021) -The Dreamer XLI (2021) -The Dreamer XLII (2021) -The Dreamer XLIII (2021) -The Dreamer XLIV (2021) -The Dreamer XLV (2021) -The Dreamer XLVI (2021) -The Dreamer XLVII (2021) -The Dreamer XLVIII (2021) -The Dreamer XLIX (2021) -The Dreamer L (2021) -The Dreamer LI (2021) -The Dreamer LII (2021) -The Dreamer LIII (2021) -The Dreamer LIV (2021) -The Dreamer LV (2021) -The Dreamer LVI (2021) -The Dreamer LVII (2021) -The Dreamer LVIII (2021) -The Dreamer LIX (2021) -The Dreamer LX (2021)
492	dual hearts is in what video game genre?	  Dual Hearts is an action-adventure video game for the PlayStation 2.
493	what unit of force is used within the imperial system of units?	  The unit of force in the imperial system of units is the pound-force (lbf).
494	what is the name of the developer who created yoshi's universal gravitation?	  The developer who created Yoshi's Universal Gravitation is Artoon.
495	can you tell me a type of ship whose clas has sydney cheverton as a designer?	  The Sydney Cheverton designed class of ships is known as the Cheverton Class Patrol Boat. This class of vessel was designed and built by Cheverton in the early 1960s for the Royal Navy and is still in service today.
496	which blended spirit style is the blends of black dog scotch whisky?	  Black Dog Scotch Whisky is a blended Scotch whisky, made from a mixture of malts and grain whiskies. It is a light and smooth whisky with a subtle sweetness and hints of peat smoke.
497	what video games feature rbi in their gameplay?	  Some popular video games that feature RBI in their gameplay include:  1. RBI Baseball (NES) 2. RBI Baseball 2 (NES) 3. RBI Baseball 3 (SNES) 4. RBI Baseball 4 (SNES) 5. RBI Baseball '93 (Genesis) 6. RBI Baseball '94 (Genesis) 7. RBI Baseball '95 (Genesis) 8. RBI Baseball '96 (Genesis) 9. RBI Baseball '98 (Genesis) 10. RBI Baseball '99 (Genesis) 11. RBI Baseball 2020 (Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch)
498	what unit does the centimetre–gram–second system of units use to measure magnetic flux density?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units uses the gauss (G) to measure magnetic flux density.
499	which video game engine's successor engine is unreal engine?	  The predecessor of Unreal Engine is Unreal Engine 3.
500	name the person who illustrated der parteiliche journalist : die geschichte des radio-features in der ddr.	  Günter Rössler
501	can you name the unit of speed that shares a measurement system with foot-lambert?	  Miles per hour (mph)
502	what company developed the sorry! video game?	  The Sorry! video game was developed by Hasbro Interactive.
503	atomic planet entertainment developed what number of video game compilations?	  Planet Entertainment has developed two video game compilations: the Atari Classics 10-in-1 and the Atari Flashback Classics.
504	2133.6 guage (mm) is under which locomotive class?	  2133.6 mm gauge is considered to be a broad gauge and is commonly used for freight locomotives in India. It is classified as a WDM-3A locomotive class.
505	which organism has a height larger than0.527?	  Most animals have a height larger than 0.527, including humans, cats, dogs, horses, elephants, giraffes, and many more.
506	the greenwich terminuses is found at what railway?	  The Greenwich Terminuses is located on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in London, England.
507	what is the episode of a radio program whose artist is edward murrow?	  There is no specific episode of a radio program associated with Edward Murrow as he was a famous radio broadcaster, not a musician.
508	which project focus on pont de saumur?	  The Pont de Saumur project is a project to renovate the historic bridge in Saumur, France. The project, which began in 2017, includes the renovation of the bridge, including the restoration of its masonry, metalwork and woodwork, as well as the installation of new lighting and safety features. The project also includes the construction of a new footbridge, as well as the restoration of the old bridge's access ramps.
509	the wooddale church is part of what jurisdiction of religion?	  The Wooddale Church is part of the Evangelical Covenant Church, a denomination of Christianity.
510	how many us presidential campaigns were associated with the 2008 presidential race?	  There were a total of 16 campaigns associated with the 2008 presidential race: 8 Democratic and 8 Republican.
511	name the person that was cremated on jun. the 17th, 2012.	  Unfortunately, the name of the person who was cremated on June 17th, 2012 is not known.
512	what system of measurement uses the metre per second squared for acceleration?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the metre per second squared (m/s2) for acceleration.
513	sonic the hedgehog 2 is a version of what video game?	  Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a platform game developed and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive console. It was released in 1992.
514	which railway has the terminuses of new york, ny?	  The Amtrak Northeast Regional service has its terminuses in New York, NY at Penn Station.
515	which engine generates 335.0 horsepower?	  The 6.2L V8 engine found in the Chevrolet Corvette Stingray is capable of generating 335.0 horsepower.
516	arm processor is supported by what game?	  The ARM processor is not specifically designed for gaming, but it is used in many gaming devices, such as Nintendo Switch, Sony PlayStation Vita, and Apple iOS devices.
517	which is the unit length of a measurement system whose volumetric heat capacity units is joule per cubic metre per kelvin?	  The unit length of a measurement system whose volumetric heat capacity units is joule per cubic metre per kelvin is metre.
518	which programming language was developed by goldberg?	  There is no programming language developed by Goldberg.
519	deracoxib has how many contradictions?	  Deracoxib has no known contraindications.
520	when is the last day of the year?	  The last day of the year is December 31st.
521	which radio program episode has the segment named christopher lydon with stephen jay gould?	  The episode is titled "The View from the Top: Stephen Jay Gould and Christopher Lydon" and it aired on May 8, 2002 on the public radio show "The Connection".
522	jacques lacan are the sponsors of which conference series?	  The Jacques Lacan Conference Series is an international conference series sponsored by the International Association for the Study of Psychoanalysis (IAPA).
523	the cms issued what government permit?	  The CMS (Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) issues a variety of permits, including Medicare provider numbers, Medicare billing privileges, and state Medicaid provider numbers.
524	what unit of area does the measurement system that have an electric field strength units of volt per metre have?	  The unit of area in the measurement system that uses electric field strength units of volt per metre is square metres (m²).
525	what adaptation is adapted from glory road: my story of the 1966 ncaa basketball championship and how one team triumphed against the odds and changed america forever	  The 2006 film Glory Road is an adaptation of the book Glory Road: My Story of the 1966 NCAA Basketball Championship and How One Team Triumphed Against the Odds and Changed America Forever. The film follows the true story of the 1966 Texas Western basketball team, which was the first team to start five African American players in an NCAA championship game. The film stars Josh Lucas as the team's coach, Don Haskins, and Derek Luke as one of the players, Bobby Joe Hill.
526	what unit of mass is in a measurement system that uses the energy density unit, joule per cubic metre, and weighs the most kilograms?	  The most common unit of mass in a system that uses the energy density unit, joule per cubic metre, is the kilogram.
527	roux is included in what recipe collection?	  Paul Bocuse's Cuisine du Marché.
528	dsiware, which is developed by nintendo co. ltd., was released where?	  DSiware was released on the Nintendo DSi and Nintendo 3DS platforms.
529	which tv song was composed by desmond child?	  The song "Livin' La Vida Loca" was composed by Desmond Child.
530	which video game engine family contains bugchess2?	  BugChess2 is powered by the popular Unity game engine.
531	what is the video game expansion for sid meier's civilization iii?	  The official expansion for Sid Meier's Civilization III is Sid Meier's Civilization III: Play the World.
532	the measurement system henries uses what unit of power?	  The unit of power used by the measurement system Henries is the ampere-turn (At).
533	what education can the university of sydney provides?	  The University of Sydney offers a wide range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses across a variety of disciplines. These include Arts and Social Sciences, Business, Education, Engineering and Information Technologies, Health Sciences, Law, Medicine, Nursing and Midwifery, Science, and Veterinary Science.
534	which of joe lee carter recordings is shortest in length?	  The shortest Joe Lee Carter recording is "Crawdad Hole," which clocks in at 1 minute and 57 seconds.
535	what is the line that uses watch the throne as a theme?	  "We on a never-ending quest to watch the throne."
536	rumi maki martial arts is practiced by what martial artists?	  Rumi Maki is a form of martial arts practiced by practitioners of Ninjutsu, a traditional Japanese martial art. It is also known as Ninpo-Rumi Maki, and is a combination of various martial arts and self-defense techniques.
537	which type of fictional setting includes bandaran island chain?	  The Bandaran Island chain could be part of a fantasy setting, a science fiction setting, or a historical setting.
538	what is the video game engine that does proceed unreal engine 2?	  Unreal Engine 3.
539	the games funkmaster flex's digital hitz factory are played on what video game platform?	  Digital Hitz Factory is a music video game available for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Nintendo GameCube.
540	2008 roflcon have a conference subject of whom?	  The theme of the 2008 ROFLCon was "The Internet: Old Memes, New Media".
541	joule per kelvin shares the same measurement system with which unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1.0?	  The unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1.0 is the inverse kelvin (K⁻¹).
542	match day appear in what video games?	  Match day appears in the classic 8-bit video game series, Sensible Soccer, as well as in the more recent Pro Evolution Soccer series.
543	which measurement system was decasecond used as luminance unit?	  The decasecond was used as a luminance unit in the CGS (centimeter-gram-second) system of measurement.
544	what is the unit of specific energy that expresses 0.001 unit of energy as joules per kilogram?	  The unit of specific energy that expresses 0.001 unit of energy as joules per kilogram is kilojoules per kilogram (kJ/kg).
545	who owns kqlv?	  KQLV is owned by the Educational Media Foundation, a non-profit organization.
546	what is the shortest carol welsman song?	  The shortest Carol Welsman song is "A Christmas Wish," which is only 1 minute and 21 seconds long.
547	which measurement system uses watt per square metre as irradiance unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the watt per square metre (W/m2) as an irradiance unit.
548	which type of fictional setting is the setting type of a fictional setting of a death in the family, part three?	  Drama.
549	what is the name of the film producer of shortest stature?	  The name of the shortest film producer is Gary Winick, who stands at 4'9".
550	the ngc 4038 is of what galactic interaction type?	  The ngc 4038 is of a galactic interaction type known as a "collisional ring galaxy."
551	what bowling style does shahid saeed use?	  Shahid Saeed is a Pakistani cricketer who is a right-arm off-spin bowler. His bowling style is off-spin.
552	what is the drug administration route for administered drug cefamandole?	  The drug administration route for cefamandole is intravenous (IV).
553	decreased gnrh secretion is the physiologic effect of what drug?	  GnRH agonists, also known as gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists, are a class of drugs that reduce gonadotropin secretion by binding to and activating GnRH receptors. They are commonly used to treat hormone-sensitive cancers, endometriosis, and uterine fibroids.
554	at university of cologne, what kind of education can one expect?	  At the University of Cologne, students can expect a high-quality education in a wide range of disciplines, including natural sciences, humanities, social sciences, law, medicine, and business. The university offers degree programs at all levels, from Bachelor’s to Doctoral degrees. In addition, the university has a strong focus on research and offers a range of research-oriented programs. The university also provides excellent support services for students, such as career counseling, housing assistance, and language courses.
555	cosmic osmo and the worlds beyond the mackerel has been an influence on what?	  Cosmic Osmo and the Worlds Beyond the Mackerel has been an influence on the art and design of video games. The game was released in 1989 and was one of the first to use a point-and-click interface, which has since become a staple of adventure games. Additionally, the game's vibrant and surreal art style has been cited as an influence on later games such as Psychonauts, LittleBigPlanet, and Fez.
556	rpg maker 2000 belongs to what video game engine family?	  RPG Maker 2000 belongs to the RPG Maker engine family.
557	where is the version developed by taito corporation and distributed through physical media released?	  The original version of the game, developed by Taito Corporation and released through physical media, was released in arcades worldwide in 1985.
558	holy bible is the adaptation source of which adaptation?	  The Bible is the source material for many adaptations, including films, television series, musicals, stage plays, and books.
559	what is the earliest composition?	  The earliest known composition is a fragment of a hymn from the Sumerian city of Uruk, dating back to around 3,500 BCE.
560	watt per steradian is the radiant density unit within what system of measurement?	  The radiant density unit of watts per steradian is part of the International System of Units (SI).
561	who wrote josephus' jewish war and its slavonic version : a synoptic comparison of the english translation by h.st.j. thackeray with the critical edition by n.a. meščerskij of the slavonic version in the vilna manuscript?	  The original author of the Jewish War was Flavius Josephus, a first-century Jewish historian. The English translation by H. St. J. Thackeray was published in 1926, while the critical edition of the Slavonic version by N.A. Meščerskij was published in 1969.
562	gigasecond was used as a luminance unit in what measurement system?	  Gigaseconds were not used as a luminance unit in any measurement system.
563	which video game version were published by pennybridge game studio?	  Pennybridge Game Studio has published several video games, including the popular titles "Tiny Tower" and "Tiny Tower Vegas". They have also published a variety of other titles such as "Rescue 911", "Mighty Maze", "The Amazing Maze Adventure", "Crazy Maze", and "Maze Master".
564	pascal second is the viscosity unit in what measurement system?	  The viscosity unit of Pascal second is used in the SI (International System of Units) measurement system.
565	which source is jupiter trojan livingston county named after?	  Jupiter Trojan Livingston County in Michigan is named after U.S. Congressman Edward Livingston, who represented Michigan in the 19th century.
566	name the unit of acceleration found in the measurement system called international system of units.	  The unit of acceleration in the International System of Units (SI) is meters per second squared (m/s2).
567	which version of virtua tennis for the nintendo gamecube controller is marketed in the north american continent?	  The North American version of Virtua Tennis for the Nintendo GameCube controller is Virtua Tennis: World Tour.
568	vitamin has been tested for what medical trial?	  Vitamin C has been tested in multiple medical trials for its potential to reduce the severity and duration of common cold symptoms.
569	which railway has a length of 192.0?	  There is no single railway with a length of 192.0 miles.
570	what lake has the number of islands (approx.) of 22?	  Lake of the Woods, located on the Canada-United States border, has approximately 14,500 islands.
571	in which measurement system planck charge is used as a charge unit?	  The Planck charge is used in the natural units system of measurement.
572	jeffrey kaplan is the designer of what video game?	  Jeffrey Kaplan is the game director and lead designer of the popular multiplayer shooter game Overwatch.
573	how many different breeds from republic of brazil have the same temperament as the manchester terrier?	  There are currently no known breeds from the Republic of Brazil that share the same temperament as the Manchester Terrier.
574	what format does the station which broadcasts impeachment of evan mecham use?	  The station which broadcasts the impeachment of Evan Mecham is a streaming radio station and broadcasts in MP3 format.
575	gochujang is an ingredient in which cuisine?	  Korean cuisine.
576	how many comic book writer has a profession of comics artist?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of comic book writers who also have a profession as a comics artist can vary widely depending on the individual.
577	the international system of units uses what measurements to measure less than 1e+18 seconds?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the unit of the second (s) to measure less than 1e+18 seconds.
578	what is the steam locomotive class with a wheel configuration of 2-2-2?	  The steam locomotive class with a wheel configuration of 2-2-2 is known as the Planet class.
579	which wine has a vintage date of 1997	  The 1997 vintage of Chateau Margaux, a Bordeaux wine from France, is one of the most highly rated vintages of the 20th century.
580	what was the producer's name who produced the radio program on henry ``hank'' aaron?	  The radio program on Henry "Hank" Aaron was produced by NPR's StoryCorps.
581	which core text of judaism do male circumcision practitioners honor?	  Male circumcision practitioners typically honor the core text of Judaism known as the Torah, which is the first five books of the Hebrew Bible. It is believed that circumcision was commanded by God in the Torah, and is a sign of the covenant between God and the Jewish people.
582	which locomotive class has a top velocity of 97.0?	  The locomotive class with a top velocity of 97.0 is the EMD SD90MAC.
583	the dead or alive extreme beach volleyball video game was designed by who?	  Dead or Alive Extreme Beach Volleyball was designed by Team Ninja and released by Tecmo in 2003.
584	who was the locomotive builder for sncf class cc 72100?	  The locomotive builder for SNCF Class CC 72100 was Alstom.
585	having the genre of first person shooters applies to how many video game compilations?	  It depends on the specific video game compilations in question. Some video game compilations may contain multiple first-person shooter games, while others may contain none.
586	which ski area has 50 many number of runs?	  Vail Ski Resort in Colorado has the most runs of any ski area in the United States, with over 5,317 acres of skiable terrain and 193 marked trails.
587	name the book editions that are in the series of the works of mark twain.	  1. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (1876) 2. The Prince and the Pauper (1881) 3. Life on the Mississippi (1883) 4. Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1884) 5. A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1889) 6. The American Claimant (1892) 7. Pudd'nhead Wilson (1894) 8. Tom Sawyer Abroad (1894) 9. Tom Sawyer, Detective (1896) 10. Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc (1896) 11. A Double-Barrelled Detective Story (1902) 12. The Mysterious Stranger (1916)
588	which cricket bowler has no more than 5 odi stumps?	  The answer is Ajantha Mendis.
589	what is the international system of units' unit of luminous flux?	  The international system of units (SI) unit of luminous flux is the lumen (lm).
590	how many types does raton-clayton volcanic field have?	  The Raton-Clayton Volcanic Field is composed of two different types of volcanoes: cinder cones and shield volcanoes.
591	what video game is supported by magnum light phaser	  There is no specific video game supported by the Magnum Light Phaser. It is a light gun accessory for the Sega Master System and is compatible with any game that supports the Light Phaser.
592	which is the tallest film art director who's profession is stunt coordinator?	  There is no one single answer to this question, as the title of "tallest film art director who's profession is stunt coordinator" is subjective and can change depending on the individual.
593	what channel access method is wavelength division multiple access the child method of?	  Wavelength Division Multiple Access (WDMA) is the child method of Dense Wavelength Division Multiplexing (DWDM).
594	what game was made prior to duke nukem: time to kill?	  The original Duke Nukem game was Duke Nukem 3D, released in 1996. Prior to that, the game Duke Nukem: Time to Kill was released in 1998.
595	ascendancy was created by which video game developer?	  Ascendancy was developed by the game studio Logic Factory.
596	locate the genomic locus on the chromosome mt (human).	  The human mitochondrial genome is a circular, double-stranded DNA molecule located in the mitochondria of human cells. It is about 16,569 base pairs in length and consists of 37 genes, including 13 protein-coding genes, 22 transfer RNA (tRNA) genes, and 2 ribosomal RNA (rRNA) genes.
597	which video game distribution system uses paysafecard as payment system?	  Steam. Paysafecard is accepted as a payment method on the Steam platform.
598	what galaxy has the earliest galactic interaction?	  The earliest known galactic interaction is between the Milky Way and the Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy (SagDEG). This interaction began more than a billion years ago, and is still ongoing.
599	what's the video game mod for the spring project?	  The exact video game mod for the Spring project will depend on the project's specific requirements. However, some popular mods for popular games include custom maps, skins, and game modes.
600	lecture notes in artificial intelligence has what conference event?	  Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) is the name of a series of books published by Springer Science+Business Media since 1973, which contain proceedings from computer science conferences and workshops.
601	the subject of franklin dam controversy pertains to what legal case?	  The Franklin Dam Controversy refers to the legal case of Commonwealth v Tasmania (The Tasmanian Dams Case), which was heard by the High Court of Australia in 1983. The case concerned the proposed construction of the Franklin Dam in Tasmania and the potential impact it would have on the environment. The High Court ruled that the Commonwealth had the power to override the Tasmanian government's plans to construct the dam, thus preventing its construction.
602	11 - [5963746,5964735] is the locus of which chromosome?	  This locus is on chromosome 7.
603	which is the nearest defunct time zone to utc?	  The nearest defunct time zone to UTC is the British Double Summer Time (BDST).
604	what is the name of the programming language paradigm that was first available not sooner than 1953?	  The first programming language paradigm available after 1953 is structured programming.
605	a review for w. is what?	  W. is a 2008 biographical drama film about the life of George W. Bush, the 43rd President of the United States. Directed by Oliver Stone, the film stars Josh Brolin as Bush, Elizabeth Banks as Laura Bush, and James Cromwell as George H. W. Bush. The film chronicles Bush's early life, his political career, and his decision to invade Iraq in 2003.  Overall, W. is an engaging and thought-provoking film that provides a unique perspective on the life of George W. Bush. The performances are strong, the writing is sharp, and the direction is effective. While it may not be to everyone's taste, it is certainly worth a watch for fans of political dramas.
606	what is the unit of temperature that has the smallest zero point in kelvins?	  The unit of temperature with the smallest zero point in kelvins is the Rankine scale, with a zero point of 0°R = 493.47 K.
607	which unit mass is in a measurement system that uses energy density unit of joule per cubic metre and has the maximum weightmass in kilograms? 	  The maximum weight/mass in kilograms would be the same as in any other measurement system.
608	name the tld registry that registered university management ltd.	  The .ltd top-level domain (TLD) is managed by the Donuts registry.
609	the office lehendakari is filled by which election contest?	  The office of Lehendakari (President of the Basque Government) is filled through a direct election, in which citizens of the Basque Country vote for the candidate of their choice.
610	what is the name for the danish units of measurement of length?	  The Danish units of measurement of length are called alen or alenmål.
611	neil leslie diamond composed what tv song?	  Neil Leslie Diamond composed the theme song for the popular television show "The Jazz Singer," which aired in 1980.
612	identify the unit of specific heat capacity that is in the same measurement system with volts.	  The unit of specific heat capacity that is in the same measurement system with volts is joules per kelvin (J/K).
613	nbl is the builder of which class of locomotives?	  Bombardier Transportation (formerly Bombardier Inc.) is a Canadian manufacturer of locomotives, rail cars, and other rail transportation equipment. They are a leading builder of diesel-electric locomotives, electric locomotives, and dual-mode locomotives.
614	what is the radio program jazz alive! about?	  Jazz Alive! is a radio program that celebrates the vibrant and diverse world of jazz music. The program features interviews with jazz musicians, reviews of new releases, and conversations about the history of the genre. It also highlights the contributions of African-American artists to the development of jazz and explores the influence of jazz on other genres.
615	what gameplay mode does everquest ii: rise of kunark provide?	  EverQuest II: Rise of Kunark provides a variety of gameplay modes, including solo play, group play, raids, and PvP.
616	the institut national de la statistique du niger is an agency of which governmental jurisdiction?	  The Institut National de la Statistique du Niger is an agency of the Government of Niger.
617	keisei-takasago station is a terminal of what railway?	  Keisei Takasago Station is a terminal station on the Keisei Main Line of the Keisei Electric Railway.
618	what aircraft models were designed by thomas e. selfridge?	  Thomas E. Selfridge designed the Wright EX and the Curtiss Model D.
619	the video game, silent hill 2, has what as the soundtrack?	  The soundtrack of Silent Hill 2 consists of music composed by Akira Yamaoka, featuring a variety of industrial and ambient tracks. It also includes a few licensed songs, such as "Theme of Laura" by Mary Elizabeth McGlynn and "Angel's Thanatos" by Joe Romersa.
620	which locomotive class was introduced the earliest?	  The earliest locomotive class was the 0-4-0 locomotive, which was developed in the early 19th century.
621	who owns this locomotive made by great western railways?	  The locomotive would have been owned by Great Western Railways or its successor, the Western Region of British Railways.
622	聖剣伝説２ original sound version are the soundtracks of which video game?	  The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past.
623	how many types overall does mount tarawera include?	  Mount Tarawera includes two main types of volcanic activity: explosive eruptions and lava flows.
624	java script is used to write what software?	  JavaScript is most commonly used to create interactive websites and web applications. It is also used to create mobile applications, desktop applications, game development, and server-side scripting.
625	where in chromosome 15 (human) is the genomic locus?	  The genomic locus of chromosome 15 (human) is 15q11.2-q13.1.
626	which measurement system was nanosecond used as luminance unit?	  Nanoseconds are not typically used as a unit of luminance. Instead, the most common units of luminance are candelas per square meter (cd/m2) or foot-lamberts (fL).
627	1435.0 is the maximum width of which rail gauge?	  1435.0 mm is the standard gauge, also known as the 4-foot 8.5-inch gauge, which is the most common railway gauge in the world.
628	the chinese units of measurement incorpates how many units of length?	  The Chinese units of measurement incorporate five units of length: zhang (丈), chi (尺), cun (寸), fen (分), and li (厘).
629	which locomotive class has 1067.0 gauge (mm)?	  The Indian Railways WDM-3A locomotive class has a 1067.0 mm gauge.
630	rival threads supported what video games?	  Threads supported by video games vary depending on the game. Some examples of video games that support threading include Grand Theft Auto V, Battlefield 3, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3, Minecraft, and The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
631	find video games developed by reline software.	  The following video games have been developed by ReLine Software:  -Trainz Simulator 12 -Trainz Simulator 2010 -Trainz Simulator 2009 -Trainz Simulator 2006 -Trainz Classics -Trainz Classics 3 -Trainz Classics 2 -Trainz Classics 1 -Trainz Railroad Simulator 2004 -Trainz Railroad Simulator 2002 -Trainz: A New Era -Trainz: A New Era SP3 -Trainz: A New Era Platinum Edition -Trainz: A New Era Deluxe Edition -Trainz: World Builder Edition -Trainz: World Builder Edition Deluxe -Trainz: World Builder Edition Platinum -Trainz: World Builder Edition Ultimate -Trainz: World Builder Edition Ultimate Collection -Trainz Railwayz -Trainz Trouble -Trainz Trouble 2 -Trainz Trouble 3 -Trainz Trouble 4 -Trainz Trouble 5 -Trainz Trouble 6 -Trainz Trouble 7 -Trainz Trouble 8 -Trainz Trouble 9 -Trainz Trouble 10 -Trainz Trouble 11 -Trainz Trouble 12 -Trainz Trouble 13 -Trainz Trouble 14 -Trainz Trouble 15 -Trainz Trouble 16 -Trainz Trouble 17 -Trainz Trouble 18 -Trainz Trouble 19
632	what private company limited by shares is the theater company that produced hitchcock blonde?	  The theater company that produced Hitchcock Blonde is called Blonde Productions Ltd, a private company limited by shares registered in England and Wales.
633	of the magnetic field strength unit of ampere per metre, how many unit of volume is associated with that measurement system?	  There is no unit of volume associated with the measurement system of amperes per metre. It is a measure of the strength of a magnetic field.
634	what is the unit of ampere per square metre? 	  The unit of ampere per square metre is Am-2 (or A/m2).
635	non-si units mentioned in the si is a measure for what unit of plane angle?	  Non-SI units mentioned in the SI are not a measure for any unit of plane angle.
636	the united states customary units incorpates how many units of length?	  The United States Customary Units incorporates two units of length: the inch and the foot.
637	what is the central focus of the radio program episode the debate of evolutionary biology in anthropology?	  The central focus of the radio program episode is to explore the debate between evolutionary biology and anthropology, and to examine how the two disciplines interact and inform each other.
638	what is the video game soundtrack for dragon quest 8?	  The soundtrack for Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King was composed by Koichi Sugiyama. It was released on two CDs in Japan on March 24, 2004. It was released in North America as part of the "Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King Official Soundtrack" on November 15, 2005.
639	what video game platform is supported by playstation network store	  PlayStation Network Store supports the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Portable, and PlayStation Vita video game platforms.
640	what type of fictional setting is the setting type of a fictional setting of dead reckoning, part 3?	  Dead Reckoning, Part 3 is set in a post-apocalyptic world.
641	what tv shows focus on slavery?	  1. Underground (2016-2017) 2. Roots (2016) 3. 12 Years a Slave (2014) 4. Slavery and the Making of America (2005) 5. The African Americans: Many Rivers to Cross (2013) 6. Godless (2017) 7. Jamestown (2017) 8. American Horror Story: Coven (2013-2014) 9. Belle (2013) 10. Amistad (1997)
642	what style of beer is made from hops similar to chinook?	  IPA (India Pale Ale). Hops like Chinook are often used to make IPAs, which are known for their strong hop flavor and aroma.
643	what is the gameplay mode of the musical game that has the version of band hero?	  The gameplay mode of Band Hero is a Party Mode, which allows up to four players to play together cooperatively or competitively in a variety of musical challenges.
644	what is the professional field that has professions in the field of media studies? 	  The professional field of Media Studies encompasses a wide range of professions, including media production, media research, media education, media analysis, media planning, media policy, media regulation, media management, and media marketing.
645	what rocket engines can thrust 88200.0?	  The SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket can thrust 88200.0 kilograms (194,000 lbs) of thrust.
646	what brake specific fuel consumption unit has the least brake specific fuel consumption in grams per joule?	  The most efficient unit of brake specific fuel consumption is grams per kilowatt-hour (g/kWh), which has the least brake specific fuel consumption in grams per joule.
647	what song was added to guitar hero after aug. the 20th, 2009?	  The song added to Guitar Hero after August 20th, 2009 was "The Final Countdown" by Europe.
648	which unit of electric current is no more than 3.479e+25 current in amperes?	  This unit of electric current is too large to be expressed in amperes.
649	terminator salvation was published by which publishing company?	  Terminator Salvation was published by Dark Horse Comics.
650	which is the unit of frequency in the measurement system whose current density unit is ampere per square metre?	  The unit of frequency in the measurement system whose current density unit is ampere per square metre is hertz (Hz).
651	uninvited was developed by which video game developer?	  Uninvited was developed by ICOM Simulations.
652	is the unit of energy of the measurement system whose heat capacity unit joule per kelvin called a joule?	  No, a joule is not the unit of energy of the measurement system whose heat capacity unit is joule per kelvin. The unit of energy of this measurement system is the joule per kelvin (J/K).
653	artsoft entertainment created which video games?	  Artsoft Entertainment was a video game developer and publisher based in the United Kingdom. They developed and published a variety of video games for the Commodore 64, MSX, Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum, and PC platforms. Some of their most popular titles include: The Great Escape, Space Taxi, The Last V8, Commando, and The Great Giana Sisters.
654	which conference series does oracle corporation sponsor?	  Oracle Corporation sponsors the Oracle OpenWorld conference series.
655	which constellation includes the alpha canis majoris star?	  The constellation Canis Major includes the star Alpha Canis Majoris, also known as Sirius.
656	willamette valley christian school is considered what kind of school?	  Willamette Valley Christian School is a private Christian school located in Turner, Oregon. It offers a college preparatory education in a Christian environment for students in grades Pre-K through 12.
657	how many types overall does mount sundoro include?	  Mount Sundoro has four types of terrain: beginner, intermediate, advanced and expert.
658	appetite for destruction is in what radio program?	  Appetite for Destruction is not associated with a particular radio program. It is the debut studio album by American hard rock band Guns N' Roses, released in July 1987.
659	the language sa'idi arabic is spoken by which ethnic group?	  Sa'idi Arabic is spoken by the Sa'idi people, an ethnic group from Upper Egypt.
660	what is the conference series that belongs to the same conference event as radisson muehlebach hotel?	  The conference series that belongs to the same conference event as the Radisson Muehlebach Hotel is the Radisson Blu Conference Series.
661	what drug class is vitamin d?	  Vitamin D is not a drug; it is a vitamin.
662	what conference series has the geographical scope of india?	  The International Conference on Advanced Computing, Networking, and Informatics (ICACNI) is an annual conference series that has the geographical scope of India.
663	what is the locomotive classes of gwr 1101 class?	  The GWR 1101 class was a class of 0-6-0 pannier tank steam locomotives designed by Charles Collett for the Great Western Railway, and built between 1929 and 1950. They were given the power classification 2P.
664	name the video game rating whose rating system includes the content descriptor of sexual violence.	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the video game rating system that includes the content descriptor of sexual violence.
665	what space crafts are manufactured by a publicly listed company?	  SpaceX is the only publicly listed company that manufactures space crafts.
666	which medical trial design using the study of the safety and efficacy of ampligen in chronic fatigue syndrome has the least number of expected total enrollment?	  The least number of expected total enrollment for a medical trial design using the study of the safety and efficacy of ampligen in chronic fatigue syndrome would likely be a Phase 1 trial. Phase 1 clinical trials typically involve a small number of participants (typically 20-80) and are designed to assess the safety and tolerability of a new drug or intervention.
667	watt per square metre per steradian is used in what unit of length?	  Watt per square metre per steradian is a unit of flux density and does not use a unit of length.
668	which video game version is distributed through itunes store?	  The iTunes Store offers a wide variety of video game titles, including popular franchises such as Call of Duty, Grand Theft Auto, and Mario Kart. Many of these titles are available as digital downloads, allowing you to purchase and play the game directly from your device.
669	what genre light cycle does the video game fall under?	  The video game Tron: Evolution falls under the action-adventure genre.
670	which exhibtions were curated by the same person who curated snowclones?	  There are no exhibitions that have been curated by the same person who curated Snowclones.
671	in which video game region, operation flashpoint released?	  Operation Flashpoint was released in Europe and North America.
672	what system does have centimeters measurement unit?	  The metric system, which is the most widely used system of measurement, has the centimeter as a unit of length.
673	name the fictional object which is composed of timber frame.	  Goblin Gate.
674	the locomotive classes of gwr 1361 class are what?	  The GWR 1361 Class was a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotives built for the Great Western Railway (GWR) between 1891 and 1910. The class was built to the design of George Jackson Churchward and was the first standard class of 0-6-0 locomotives built by the GWR.
675	kerbal space program uses what video game mod?	  Kerbal Space Program does not use any specific video game mod. The game is entirely self-contained and does not require any additional mods or content to play.
676	what is the unit of length in taiwanese units of measurement?	  The unit of length in Taiwanese units of measurement is the jin, which is equivalent to 500 millimeters or 0.5 meters.
677	willy wonka & the chocolate factory is the favorite film of which user profile?	  There is no single user profile that can be associated with this film. It is a beloved classic for people of all ages, genders, and backgrounds.
678	(let me be your) teddy bear has what type of literature subject?	  "Let Me Be Your Teddy Bear" is a song by Elvis Presley, and as such it is considered to be a work of popular music and entertainment.
679	what video game supports a princess maker?	  The Princess Maker series is a series of life simulation video games created by Japanese game designer, Takeuchi Takashi. The series consists of eight games, the first of which was released in 1991 for the PC-98 computer.
680	what noble title does high king have?	  High King is the highest title of nobility in many cultures, including those of the British Isles. The title is often used to refer to a monarch who reigns over multiple nations or tribes.
681	what measurement system uses femtofarad as units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses femtofarad (fF) as units of capacitance.
682	someone who uses a keytar is called what type of professional musician?	  A keytar player is usually considered a professional keyboardist or synthesizer player.
683	on 1943-05-25 which radio program was first broadcasted?	  The first radio program to be broadcasted was the NBC Blue Network's "The Lady Esther Show" on May 25, 1943.
684	university of cologne provides what type of education?	  The University of Cologne provides higher education in a wide range of fields, including arts, humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, law, medicine, and business.
685	a permittivity of 1.0 farads per meter is measured in which unit of permittivity?	  Farads per meter (F/m).
686	the denstonian was established by which school?	  The Denstonian was established by Denstone College, a co-educational boarding and day school located in Staffordshire, England.
687	capybara games developed which video games?	  Capybara Games is best known for developing the Xbox Live Arcade title, Mutant Storm Empire, as well as the iOS game, Gunman Clive. They have also developed the Xbox Live Indie Games titles, Mutant Storm Reloaded and Super XYX, and the Xbox One game, Gunman Clive 2.
688	the jain temple is a place of worship for which religion?	  Jainism.
689	what is the language spoken in fiction abarsis valley?	  There is no single language spoken in the fictional Abarsis Valley. The valley is home to a variety of cultures and ethnicities, each of which has its own language.
690	oersted is the magnetic field strength unit in what measurement system?	  The oersted (Oe) is a unit of magnetic field strength in the centimeter–gram–second (CGS) system of units.
691	what system is the thermal conductivity unit withwatt per meter per kelvin located in?	  The thermal conductivity unit with watt per meter per kelvin is located in the International System of Units (SI).
692	the genre skateboarding includes what video games?	  1. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2 2. Skate 3 3. OlliOlli 4. Skate 2 5. Skate It 6. Skate Party 3D 7. Skateboard Party 8. Skater XL 9. Session Skateboarding 10. Skateboard Park Tycoon
693	what is the medical specialty which has the associated diseases or conditions of dengue fever?	  The medical specialty associated with dengue fever is infectious disease.
694	the meson family includes what subatomic particles?	  The meson family includes quarks and antiquarks.
695	in the measurement system that includes the henries, what is the unit of power?	  The unit of power in the measurement system that includes the henries is the watt.
696	which medical trial refers pathophysiology of hemifacial spasm: i. ephaptic transmission and ectopic excitation?	  The Ephaptic Transmission and Ectopic Excitation (ETEE) trial is a clinical trial that investigates the use of botulinum toxin type A (Botox) injection to treat hemifacial spasm (HFS). This trial is designed to assess the efficacy and safety of Botox injection in the treatment of HFS and to evaluate the potential mechanisms of action of the treatment, including ephaptic transmission and ectopic excitation.
697	how many railway terminus is terminuses of white pass and yukon route?	  There are two railway terminuses for the White Pass and Yukon Route: Skagway, Alaska and Whitehorse, Yukon.
698	which unit of specific energy has the smallest energy in joules per kilogram?	  The unit of specific energy with the smallest energy in Joules per kilogram is the calorie (cal).
699	how many units of length are there in the norwegian units of measurement?	  There are five units of length in the Norwegian units of measurement: alen (ell), fot (foot), tomme (inch), mil (mile), and kilometers (kilometers).
700	hannah montana album is the soundtrack of which tv program?	  Hannah Montana is the soundtrack of the Disney Channel television series of the same name, starring Miley Cyrus as the titular character.
701	which conference was held at smu?	  The SMU Cox School of Business recently held the 2018 Southwest Finance Association Annual Meeting.
702	the subject of the quote: gracefulness is to the body what understanding is to the mind. spoken by angel of remembrance is what?	  The subject of the quote is the importance of grace and understanding.
703	western venturer belongs to what class?	  Western venturers belong to the class of entrepreneurs.
704	what measurement type uses short ton as mass units?	  Weight
705	chess game uses what video game engines?	  The most popular chess game engines are Stockfish, Crafty, and Rybka.
706	which class is the automotive class of automobile model whose sister model is the geo metro?	  The automotive class of automobile model whose sister model is the Geo Metro is the Chevrolet Sprint.
707	the slowest roller coaster at chessington world of adventures was designed by who?	  The slowest roller coaster at Chessington World of Adventures is called The Vampire and it was designed by John Wardley.
708	which subatomic particles belong to the heavy quarks family?	  The heavy quarks family consists of the bottom quark (b) and the top quark (t).
709	lux is the illuminance unit of what measurement system?	  Lux is the illuminance unit of the International System of Units (SI).
710	international system of units is a measure for what unit of plane angle?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not specify a unit for plane angle, as it is a dimensionless quantity.
711	what video game version does blockforge belong to?	  Blockforge is a game that is currently in development and does not yet belong to any video game version.
712	which video game rating system has a content descriptor of use of drugs?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) has a content descriptor of "Use of Drugs" for video games.
713	mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 launched what satellite?	  The first satellite launched from Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 was the ORS-3 mission, which included the STPSat-3 spacecraft, on November 19, 2013.
714	how many computing platforms support np?	  Numpy is supported on most major computing platforms, including Windows, MacOS, Linux, and BSD.
715	1998-11-18 was the initial publication date of which comic?	  The initial publication date of the comic Preacher was November 18, 1998.
716	time is measured using what measuring instruments?	  Time can be measured using a variety of instruments, such as clocks, watches, timers, calendars, hourglasses, and sundials.
717	attack on pearl harbor is a subject of which radio programs?	  The attack on Pearl Harbor has been featured in a number of radio programs, including the National Public Radio (NPR) programs "All Things Considered," "The Takeaway," and "The World." Other radio programs that have featured the attack on Pearl Harbor include BBC Radio 4's "The World at War," NPR's "The Story," and KQED's "The California Report."
718	strange antiquark is part of the same family of particles as what subatomic particle?	  The strange antiquark is part of the same family of particles as the quark.
719	alstom coradia juniper builds what type of locomotive?	  Alstom Coradia Juniper builds electric multiple unit (EMU) locomotives.
720	what military unit is designated by a size of wing.	  A wing is typically a military unit designation that is composed of two or more squadrons, with each squadron typically comprising four or more flights.
721	which medical trial design that uses nimotuzumab in adults with glioblastoma multiforma has the lowest number of expected total enrollment?	  The lowest number of expected total enrollment for a medical trial design that uses nimotuzumab in adults with glioblastoma multiforma would depend on the specific trial design. Generally, smaller trials with fewer participants may have lower expected total enrollments.
722	which is the episode of a radio program whose artist is neil tyson?	  There is no single episode of a radio program featuring Neil Tyson, as he is not a radio host. He is an astrophysicist and science communicator who hosts several TV shows, including StarTalk and Cosmos.
723	software tycoon: der spielemanager was published by which publisher?	  Der Spielemanager was published by dtp Entertainment AG.
724	the sims 2: freetime is played in which gameplay mode?	  The Sims 2: FreeTime is played in the Single-player mode.
725	which theater has the biggest capacity of seating?	  The Fox Theatre in Detroit, Michigan, has the largest theater capacity in the United States, with a seating capacity of 5,174.
726	fujifilm offers what uncompressed format?	  Fujifilm offers the uncompressed format of TIFF (Tagged Image File Format).
727	which radio format does the station which broadcasts hate crimes: america's cancer utilize?	  The station which broadcasts Hate Crimes: America's Cancer utilizes a talk radio format.
728	what galactic cluster has the smallest apparent magnitude?	  The Coma Cluster (Abell 1656) has the smallest apparent magnitude of any galactic cluster, at magnitude +9.8.
729	what is the name of the gameplay mode that supports the peripheral xbox 360 wireless racing wheel in the video game?	  The gameplay mode that supports the Xbox 360 Wireless Racing Wheel in the video game is called "Simulation Mode".
730	knowledge forum: altering the relationship between students and scientific knowledge cites what other works?	  1. “Altering the Relationship between Students and Scientific Knowledge: An Inquiry-Based Approach to Science Education” by Brian Hand and J. Patrick Biddix (2012).  2. “The Role of Inquiry in Science Education” by John Loughran (2006).  3. “The Role of Inquiry in Science Education: A Case Study of a High School Biology Classroom” by John Loughran and Michelle Hickey (2007).  4. “Exploring the Impact of Inquiry-Based Learning on Student Engagement in Science” by Mary Ann Clark and Mary Kay Stein (2009).  5. “Inquiry-Based Learning: A Powerful Tool to Enhance Science Education” by Robert Yager and John O'Donnell (2008).  6. “Inquiry-Based Learning: A Tool to Enhance Student Engagement and Learning” by Robert Yager and John O'Donnell (2007).  7. “Inquiry-Based Science Education: A Guide to Implementing Inquiry in the Classroom” by Robert Yager and John O'Donnell (2009).  8. “Exploring the Impact of Inquiry-Based Learning on Student Engagement in Science” by Robert Yager and John O'Donnell (2010).  9. “Inquiry-Based Learning: A Tool to Enhance Student Engagement and Learning” by Mary Ann Clark and Mary Kay Stein (2008).  10. “Inquiry-Based Learning: A Powerful Tool to Enhance Science Education” by Mary Ann Clark and Mary Kay Stein (2009).
731	locate the genomic locus on the chromosome 18 (human).	  The exact genomic locus on chromosome 18 in humans depends on the specific gene or region of interest.
732	the ε per a is in what star system?	  The ε Per a star system is located in the constellation of Perseus in the Milky Way galaxy.
733	what is broadcast genre of radio programs that have subject of great sichuan earthquake?	  The broadcast genre for radio programs about the 2008 Sichuan Earthquake would be News/Talk.
734	name the grade level has the typical age (minimum) of 3?	  Preschool
735	which family of computer processor is a variant of the hitachi 6309?	  There is no variant of the Hitachi 6309 processor. The 6309 is a 16-bit microprocessor that was released by Hitachi in 1984.
736	the game with the soundtrack akumajo dracula: judgment had how many designers?	  Akumajo Dracula: Judgment had two designers, Koji Igarashi and Michiru Yamane.
737	cu-boulder manufactures which spacecrafts?	  The University of Colorado Boulder does not manufacture spacecrafts. However, the university's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics (LASP) does design, build, and operate instruments for space-based missions. These instruments have been used on spacecrafts such as the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, the Juno mission to Jupiter, and the Solar Dynamics Observatory.
738	on 1830, what was the last order of chivalry given?	  The last order of chivalry given was the Order of the Golden Fleece, which was established by Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy, in 1430.
739	dual hearts falls under what video game genre?	  Dual Hearts is a platform-adventure video game.
740	what subatomic particle is part of the same family of particles as the down quark?	  The up quark.
741	sochi was the host of which olympics games?	  Sochi hosted the 2014 Winter Olympic Games.
742	which other service does the governmental provider of housing grants for disabled veterans (veterans affairs) provide?	  Veterans Affairs provides a wide range of services to veterans, including health care, disability compensation, education and training, home loan guarantees, vocational rehabilitation and employment, and burial benefits. They also provide a variety of other services such as medical and mental health services, financial counseling, legal assistance, and transition assistance.
743	the dk bongos supports which video games?	  The DK Bongos are compatible with the Nintendo GameCube and Wii consoles, and can be used to play a variety of games, including Donkey Konga, Donkey Konga 2, Donkey Konga 3, Donkey Kong Jungle Beat, Donkey Kong Barrel Blast, WarioWare: Smooth Moves, Mario Party 8, and Wii Music.
744	which class of locomotives are built by alstom?	  Alstom builds a variety of diesel and electric locomotives, including high-speed, intercity, and freight locomotives.
745	what is the name for the atomic units of length?	  The atomic unit of length is the Bohr radius.
746	which video games comes after id tech 2?	  id Tech 3.
747	zagreb railway works builds locomotives of which class?	  Zagreb railway works builds locomotives of the Eurosprinter ES64U4 class.
748	name the oxidizer of the bipropellant rocket engine with the biggest diameter	  The oxidizer of the bipropellant rocket engine with the biggest diameter is liquid oxygen (LOX).
749	gram per cubic centimetre is the unit of density in which measurement system?	  The metric system.
750	the system elspa has which video game rating?	  ELSPA (Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association) is the UK's video game rating system. It rates games with one of five ratings: 3+, 7+, 12+, 16+, and 18+.
751	having a rave up is a release for which musical recording?	  A rave up is not a specific musical recording. It is a term used to describe an energetic, upbeat performance of a song, usually with a faster tempo and more intense energy than the original recording.
752	the uralic and altaic series was edited by which series editor ?	  The Uralic and Altaic Series was edited by Denis Sinor, who was a series editor at Indiana University Press.
753	in the international system of units, what is the unit of luminous intensity?	  The unit of luminous intensity in the International System of Units (SI) is the candela (cd).
754	when co2 is an active ingredient which drug formulation category is this?	  This would be a respiratory inhaler drug formulation.
755	what type of fictional setting is the setting type of mark of cain, part two?	  The fictional setting of Mark of Cain, Part Two is a post-apocalyptic world.
756	name the radio program which episode was first broadcasted on 2012-02-26.	  The radio program is called "The Takeaway" and it is produced by WNYC and Public Radio International.
757	a focal length of sraw 2 is attributed to what digital camera?	  The focal length of a digital camera depends on the make and model of the camera. Generally speaking, a focal length of 2 is considered wide angle, and is typically found on digital cameras that have a zoom range of 18-55mm.
758	nintendo gamecube controller supports what video game?	  The Nintendo GameCube controller supports all Nintendo GameCube video games.
759	how many automotive classes are there for ford falcon (xy) and the fpv f6?	  There are four automotive classes for the Ford Falcon (XY) and the FPV F6:  1. Super Sedan 2. Super Street 3. Super Stock 4. Super Gas
760	the computer keyboard supports which video games?	  Most computer keyboards do not support video games, as they are usually not designed for gaming. However, some gaming keyboards do offer additional features that can enhance gaming experiences, such as programmable keys, backlighting, and macro keys.
761	in mar. the 16th, 2012 which video game was released?	  On March 16, 2012, Mass Effect 3 was released for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3.
762	what is the crusader kings expansion?	  Crusader Kings II is an expansion to the original Crusader Kings game and was released in 2012. It is a grand strategy game set in the Middle Ages, where players take control of a medieval dynasty and attempt to expand their power and influence through a combination of diplomacy, warfare, and marriage.
763	what are the video game developer developed sonic gems collection game and version of aero elite: combat academy game?	  Sonic Gems Collection was developed by Sonic Team and Dimps, and Aero Elite: Combat Academy was developed by CRI Middleware.
764	amtrak rail owns a what locomotive?	  Amtrak owns a variety of locomotives, including the AEM-7, ACS-64, P42DC, P32AC-DM, and F40PH-2.
765	which conference series has the subject knowledge discovery ?	  The International Conference on Knowledge Discovery (ICKD) is the primary conference series dedicated to the subject of knowledge discovery.
766	in the nuuvem what video game platform is supported?	  Nuuvem supports PC, Mac, and Linux platforms for digital downloads.
767	second sunday is an episode from which radio program?	  The second Sunday episode is from the BBC Radio 4 program, "Desert Island Discs".
768	which celestial object category or subcategory does 5588 jennabelle fit into?	  5588 Jennabelle is an asteroid, which is a subcategory of the celestial object category of small Solar System bodies.
769	1435.0 is the gauge for what locomotive class?	  The EMD GP35 locomotive class.
770	the games scratches are played on what video game platform?	  Scratch games are typically played on the Scratch software platform, which is available for free on the Scratch website.
771	what is the video game rating whose rating system includes the content descriptor of use of drugs?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the video game rating system in the United States whose rating system includes the content descriptor of use of drugs. The ESRB ratings are: Early Childhood (EC), Everyone (E), Everyone 10+ (E10+), Teen (T), Mature (M), and Adults Only (AO).
772	which unit of density use the measurement system of centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The unit of density in the centimetre–gram–second system of units is gram per cubic centimetre (g/cm3).
773	rune uses which video game engine?	  Rune is powered by Unreal Engine 4.
774	what is the software with genres software framework and software testing?	  1. Software Frameworks: Java, .NET, Ruby on Rails, Node.js 2. Software Testing: Selenium, JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber
775	how many video game compilations did sega technical institute develop?	  Sega Technical Institute developed three video game compilations: Sonic Classics, Sonic Mega Collection, and Sonic Mega Collection Plus.
776	what is the belief of eastern christians?	  Eastern Christians generally hold to the doctrine of the Holy Trinity, the Incarnation of Christ, the Resurrection of Jesus, and the authority of the Bible and Church Tradition. They emphasize the importance of prayer and spiritual growth, and believe that the sacraments are the means by which God's grace is conveyed to believers. They also believe in the importance of the Virgin Mary, the saints, and the angels, and in the efficacy of the sacraments of Baptism, Confirmation, and the Eucharist.
777	in the measurement system with specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram, how many units of energy are there?	  There are no units of energy associated with the measurement system of specific volume in cubic metres per kilogram. Specific volume is a measure of the volume of a substance per unit mass. It is not related to energy.
778	what gameplay mode is used in the video game that supports computer keyboard?	  The specific gameplay mode used in a video game that supports computer keyboard will depend on the game itself. Some common gameplay modes include single-player, multiplayer, cooperative, and competitive.
779	the computer games korsakovia uses a video game engine developed by what video game engine developer	  Korsakovia uses the Unity game engine, developed by Unity Technologies.
780	the series the taste of our time includes what book editions?	  The Taste of Our Time series includes the following book editions:  1. The Taste of Our Time: The Best of the World's Cuisines (2006)  2. The Taste of Our Time: The Best of the World's Wine (2007)  3. The Taste of Our Time: The Best of the World's Spirits (2008)  4. The Taste of Our Time: The Best of the World's Coffee (2009)  5. The Taste of Our Time: The Best of the World's Tea (2010)  6. The Taste of Our Time: The Best of the World's Chocolate (2011)  7. The Taste of Our Time: The Best of the World's Cheese (2012)
781	name that diet that princess kalina of bulgaria follows.	  Princess Kalina of Bulgaria follows a plant-based diet.
782	the centimetre–gram–second system of units incorpates how many units of length?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units incorporates one unit of length, the centimetre.
783	what visual art forms are based on book	 illustrations  Book illustrations can take many forms, including watercolor, oil painting, charcoal, graphite, woodcut, engraving, and digital media.
784	where is oak court mall located?	  Oak Court Mall is located in Memphis, Tennessee.
785	non-si units mentioned in the si has which unit of time?	  The SI unit of time is the second.
786	sp is supported by how many computing platforms?	  JavaServer Pages (JSP) is supported by all major platforms, including Windows, Linux, and macOS.
787	angle is measured using what tools?	  A protractor is the most common tool used to measure angles. Other tools that can be used to measure angles include a compass, a clinometer, a goniometer, an angle finder, and a digital angle gauge.
788	ger class s56 belongs to which locomotive class?	  The S56 locomotive class belongs to the New South Wales (NSW) Railways T class.
789	nimotuzumab has been tested for what medical trial?	  Nimotuzumab has been tested in clinical trials for the treatment of several types of cancer, including glioblastoma, head and neck cancer, pancreatic cancer, and non-small cell lung cancer.
790	anime friends is a series on which subject?	  Anime Friends is a series of educational videos about Japanese culture, anime, and manga.
791	what unit of acceleration has a measurement system featuring volumetric heat capacity units joule per cubic metre per kelvin?	  The unit of acceleration with a measurement system featuring volumetric heat capacity units joule per cubic metre per kelvin is Joules per second squared per Kelvin (J/s2/K).
792	who was the writer of chiggy wiggy?	  The song "Chiggy Wiggy" was written by Shabbir Ahmed and composed by A. R. Rahman.
793	which tv station was founded most recently?	  It is difficult to answer this question definitively, as there are many television stations that have been founded in recent years. Some examples of recently founded TV stations include Fox Sports 1 (2013), Fusion (2013), and Al Jazeera America (2013).
794	which celestial object category has a subcategory of a celestial object category with objects (58504) 1996 vz3?	  The celestial object category that has a subcategory of (58504) 1996 vz3 is asteroids.
795	of time zones, which has a dst offset from utc of more than 4.5?	  The Chatham Islands Standard Time (CHAST) is a time zone with a dst offset from UTC of +12:45.
796	dk bongos is a video game that is supported by what gameplay mode?	  Bongos is a rhythm game and is typically played in single-player mode.
797	find the shortest film casting director	  The shortest film casting director is Mark Sikes, who worked on the 2013 film, "The Last Time I Saw Macao," which is a Portuguese-language drama that is only 50 minutes long.
798	john oliver la gorce was the editor on the editor for what journal?	  John Oliver La Gorce was the editor of The National Geographic Magazine from 1914 to 1957.
799	which author has recipes for the healthy diet?	  There are many authors who have recipes for a healthy diet, including Mark Bittman, Ellie Krieger, Joy Bauer, Michael Pollan, and Martha Stewart.
800	melvin van peebles is featured on which soundtrack?	  Melvin Van Peebles is featured on the soundtrack to the 1971 film Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song.
801	what is the file format that has the same genre as aixm?	  The file format that has the same genre as AIXM is the Aeronautical Information Exchange Model (AIXM).
802	what manufactured drugs have a bullet shape?	  No manufactured drugs have a bullet shape.
803	which class of locomotive has the least gauge (mm)?	  The narrowest gauge locomotive is the Decauville 0-4-0T, which has a gauge of 600 mm (1 ft 11 5⁄8 in).
804	captain pugwash makes an appearance in which comic strip?	  Captain Pugwash appears in the British comic strip of the same name, which was originally published in the Eagle comic from 1957 to 1959.
805	find the sports team that plays canadian football.	  The Canadian Football League (CFL) is the only professional sports league in Canada that plays Canadian football. The league consists of nine teams, all located in Canada.
806	what amount of video game distribution system does snes support?	  The Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) supports a cartridge-based distribution system. This means that physical copies of video games were released on cartridges that could be inserted into the console. The SNES also supported a few other distribution systems, such as the Super Disc format and the Nintendo Power System, but these were not widely used.
807	the developer of battle forge also developed what video game version?	  The developer of Battle Forge, Phenomic Game Development, also developed SpellForce 2: Shadow Wars and SpellForce 2: Dragon Storm.
808	international system of units measures unit of conductivity by?	  The International System of Units (SI) measures electrical conductivity in siemens per meter (S/m).
809	what is the radio subject of the sisterhood of hope?	  The Sisterhood of Hope is a radio show that focuses on inspiring stories of hope, resilience, and courage. The show highlights stories of inspiring individuals, organizations, and communities who are making a difference in their communities and in the world. It also features interviews with inspiring guests who share their stories and advice on how to make a positive impact in the world.
810	what is the disney ride that opened the latest?	  The latest Disney ride to open is Guardians of the Galaxy: Mission Breakout! at Disney California Adventure.
811	what unit of time is in a measurement system with illuminance units lux?	  Lux is a unit of illuminance, which is the measure of the intensity of light falling on a surface. The unit of time associated with lux is usually seconds.
812	can you tell me what the unit of the data transmission rate with a bits per second maximum?	  The unit of the data transmission rate with a bits per second maximum is bits per second (bps).
813	what conference do the sokil kyiv play hockey in?	  The Sokil Kyiv play hockey in the Ukrainian Hockey League.
814	which video game developer developed sorry!	  Sorry! was developed by Parker Brothers.
815	which video game characters have the same character gender with molly macdonald?	  Some examples of video game characters with the same character gender as Molly Macdonald include:   -Ellie from The Last of Us -Clementine from The Walking Dead -Max Caulfield from Life is Strange -Jodie Holmes from Beyond: Two Souls  -Alyx Vance from Half-Life 2  -Nina Williams from Tekken  -Jill Valentine from Resident Evil  -Chloe Frazer from Uncharted  -Samus Aran from Metroid  -Lightning from Final Fantasy XIII  -Lara Croft from Tomb Raider
816	what radio program was most recently broadcasted?	  The answer to this question will depend on the radio station and the time of day.
817	coulomb per square metre is the electric flux density unity in what measurement system?	  The electric flux density unit of coulomb per square metre is used in the International System of Units (SI).
818	what time zone has a dst offset more than -3.0 from utc?	  The following time zones have a daylight savings time offset more than -3.0 from UTC:  - Alaska Time Zone (UTC -9:00) - Hawaii-Aleutian Time Zone (UTC -10:00) - Samoa Standard Time (UTC -11:00) - Marquesas Islands Time (UTC -9:30)
819	jennifer may muldaur is the composer of what compositions?	  Jennifer May Muldaur is a singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. She has composed a variety of original songs, including "The Garden of Love," "It's the Music," "My Hands Are Tied," "The Garden of Love (Reprise)," "The Way of the World," "Take Me Home," "The Wind," "Lonely Road," "The Long Goodbye," "The End of the Line," "The River of Life," and "The Light of Day."
820	dark seed ii was published by which publishing company?	  Cyberdreams, Inc.
821	what video game was released on 1990-11 for the first time.	  The first video game released in November 1990 was Super Mario World for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES).
822	1520.0 is the minimum width for which size rail gauge?	  1520.0 mm is the minimum width for the Standard Gauge railway track.
823	hour is used as a luminance unit by which measurement system?	  The photometric system.
824	what is the name of the building was destroyed last?	  The Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, France, was the last building to be destroyed.
825	which version of virtua tennis for the xbox 360 controller is marketed in the australia?	  The version of Virtua Tennis for the Xbox 360 controller marketed in Australia is Virtua Tennis 4.
826	what's the unit of acceleration in the measurement system whose force unit is newtons?	  The unit of acceleration in the metric system (where the force unit is newtons) is meters per second squared (m/s^2).
827	boulder dash has influenced what?	  Boulder Dash has influenced numerous games, including Dig Dug, Mr. Do!, Repton, Emerald Mine, Supaplex, and Boulder Dash-XL. It has also inspired some modern games, such as the Xbox Live Arcade title Boulder Dash-XL and the iOS game Boulder Dash-30th Anniversary.
828	consciously or unconsciously, every one of us does render some service or other. if we cultivate the habit of doing this service deliberately, our desire for service will steadily grow stronger, and will make, not only our own happiness, but that of the world at large. is a quote from what subject?	  This quote is from Mahatma Gandhi's philosophy of service and selfless action, known as "seva" or "selfless service".
829	what is the name of the developer who developed the video game engine that is used for uss darkstar computer games?	  The DarkStar engine was developed by game developer John Carmack.
830	what video game is supported by xbox 360 wireless racing wheel	  The Xbox 360 Wireless Racing Wheel is compatible with the following racing games:   - Forza Motorsport 2 - Forza Motorsport 3 - Forza Motorsport 4 - Forza Horizon - Project Gotham Racing 3 - Project Gotham Racing 4 - Colin McRae: DiRT - DiRT 2 - DiRT 3 - Need for Speed ProStreet - Need for Speed Shift - Need for Speed Shift 2: Unleashed - Test Drive Unlimited - Test Drive Unlimited 2 - GRID Autosport - F1 2010 - F1 2011 - F1 2012 - F1 2013 - F1 2014
831	what is the version that was released in united states supports x-box 360?	  The latest version of the Xbox 360 operating system is version 2.0.7357.0. This version was released in the United States in April 2014.
832	the serbia has how many breeds of dogs that has the same temperament as the smooth fox terrier?	  There is no specific breed of dog that is native to Serbia, so it is not possible to answer this question.
833	what is the identity of the football player who appeared 82 times internationally?	  The football player is Cristiano Ronaldo, who has made 82 appearances for the Portugal national team.
834	which religion branched off from discordianism?	  There is no single religion that has branched off from Discordianism. Discordianism is a religion that emphasizes chaos and disorder, and it has inspired many other religious and philosophical movements, including chaos magick and postmodernism.
835	what type of conference is international federation of library associations and institutions?	  The International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA) is an international non-governmental organization that promotes global library cooperation and the development and improvement of library services worldwide. It is a professional organization for library and information science professionals, and its annual conference is a major international event in the library and information science field.
836	which class of locomotives are built by neilson and company?	  Neilson and Company are primarily known for building steam locomotives.
837	the camera with a sensor from canon and a compression format of jpeg (exif 2.21) uses which viewfinder?	  The viewfinder used with a Canon camera with a JPEG (EXIF 2.21) compression format is typically an optical viewfinder.
838	in which video games do rowan's battle of britain appear?	  Rowan's Battle of Britain is a flight simulator video game developed and published by Empire Interactive in 1998. It is available for Windows and DOS platforms.
839	which units of length are associated with the system where mass is measured in micrograms?	  The system where mass is measured in micrograms typically uses units of length such as millimeters (mm), micrometers (μm), or nanometers (nm).
840	what measurement system uses watt per square metre as irradiance unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses watt per square metre as an irradiance unit.
841	which game version for the nintendo gamecube controller supports the japan region?	  The Nintendo GameCube controller version that supports the Japan region is the DOL-003 model.
842	which measurement system uses henry per metre as permeability unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the henry per metre (H/m) as the unit of permeability.
843	the shizen japanese restaurant is located in which hotel?	  The Shizen Japanese Restaurant is located in the Hotel Nikko San Francisco.
844	the british rail class 43 (hst) was built by what locomotive builder?	  The British Rail Class 43 (HST) was built by the British locomotive manufacturer, GEC-Alsthom (now Alstom).
845	which measurement system includes a measuring unit called the ampere per metre?	  The International System of Units (SI) includes a measuring unit called the ampere per metre.
846	in what role does martha stewart make a personal appearance for the tv segment change of heart?	  Martha Stewart makes a personal appearance as a guest host for the TV segment Change of Heart. She interviews couples who have experienced a change of heart in their relationship, and offers advice on how to work through the difficulties they are facing.
847	which island does galápagos islands contain?	  The Galápagos Islands are located in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Ecuador and contain 13 main islands, 6 smaller islands, and over 40 islets and rocks.
848	is 4000 the iso settings of what kind of equipment?	  The ISO setting of a Canon EOS 4000 camera.
849	what video game platform is supported by steam	  Steam supports Windows, macOS, and Linux operating systems.
850	what software belongs to the genres pdf format and pdf converter?	  PDF Format: Adobe Acrobat, Foxit Reader  PDF Converter: Adobe Acrobat, Nitro PDF, PDFelement, PDF2Go, SmallPDF, Soda PDF.
851	non-si units mentioned in the si use what kind of unit of energy?	  The SI unit of energy is the joule (J).
852	minute was used as a luminance unit in what measurement system?	  The candela-per-minute was used as a luminance unit in the photometric measurement system.
853	paracetamol are the active ingredients of what drug brand?	  Paracetamol is the active ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever brand Tylenol.
854	gigas is the subject of which video game?	  God of War: Ghost of Sparta.
855	ohm meter is the resistivity unit of which measurement system?	  The ohmmeter is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
856	image understanding is the focus of what conference event?	  The International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV) is the premier event for computer vision research.
857	bandai america developed how many video game compilations?	  Bandai America has developed a total of three video game compilations: Pac-Man Collection, Namco Museum, and Namco Museum: 50th Anniversary.
858	what type of dish contains garlic and is common in cuisine of thailand?	  A popular Thai dish containing garlic is Pad Kra Pao, which is stir-fried minced pork with Thai basil and garlic.
859	which locomotive class is built by alstom coradia juniper?	  The Alstom Coradia Juniper is a class of diesel-electric multiple unit commuter trains built by Alstom for GO Transit in Canada. The trains are based on Alstom's Coradia LINT design, and are classified as Class 6200 by GO Transit.
860	which cyclists speak a language that philip lynott speaks?	  Philip Lynott was an Irish singer-songwriter and musician best known as the frontman of the hard rock band Thin Lizzy. He did not speak any language other than English.
861	1.0 jouls per cubic meter is demonstrated by what unit of energy density?	  Joules per cubic meter is a unit of energy density.
862	which student radio station shares a radio format with kulo?	  KULO does not share a radio format with any other student radio station.
863	what unit of conductance has equal to or smaller than 0.001 conductance in siemens?	  millisiemens (mS).
864	where is the version developed by namco bandai games and distributed through physical media released?	  The version of the game developed by Namco Bandai Games and distributed through physical media was released in North America, Europe, and Japan.
865	what is the content of projectvibe.net - 24kbps stream?	  ProjectVibe.net is an internet radio station that streams a variety of music genres, including hip-hop, R&B, EDM, reggae, and more. The content is streamed at a bitrate of 24 kbps, which is lower than the standard bitrate of 128 kbps, but still offers a good quality sound.
866	the developer of putt-putt joins the parade also developed what video game version?	  The developer of Putt-Putt, Humongous Entertainment, also developed the video game versions of Putt-Putt, Pajama Sam, Spy Fox, Freddi Fish, and Backyard Sports.
867	3.5 is the length of which railway?	  There is no specific railway associated with a length of 3.5.
868	rené meister produced which musical recording?	  René Meister is a German music producer and songwriter who has worked on a variety of musical recordings, including dance and pop music. He has produced songs for artists such as Britney Spears, P!nk, and Kylie Minogue.
869	what radio format is used by the station that broadcasts monte-carlo?	  The station that broadcasts Monte-Carlo is an Adult Contemporary radio station, playing a mix of music from the 70s, 80s, 90s, and today.
870	under the international system of units, what is the unit of resistance?	  The unit of resistance in the International System of Units (SI) is the ohm (Ω).
871	what kind of organism is the fossil specimen in the awash river?	  It is impossible to answer this question without more information about the fossil specimen.
872	goldberg has made how many programming languages?	  Goldberg has not created any programming languages.
873	the beatmania append gottamix video game has what soundtrack?	  The soundtrack for beatmania Append Gottamix consists of a variety of genres, including hip-hop, trance, electro, and hardstyle. It features several original tracks as well as remixes of songs from previous beatmania titles.
874	what is the number of units of specific heat capacity in the measurement system united states customary units?	  The units of specific heat capacity in the United States customary units system are British Thermal Units per pound-degree Fahrenheit (Btu/lb-°F).
875	how many units of volume are affiliated with a measurement system that contains a magnetic field strength unit of ampere per metre?	  There are no units of volume associated with a magnetic field strength unit of ampere per metre.
876	what is the unit of force using the international system of units?	  The unit of force in the International System of Units (SI) is the Newton (N).
877	which bipropellant rocket engine has a isp of at least 350.0?	  The Aerojet Rocketdyne RL10 is a bipropellant rocket engine that has an Isp of up to 450.0.
878	what composer created the film song with the latest completion date?	  The composer of the film song with the latest completion date is not known.
879	what type of conference is pycon?	  PyCon is an annual gathering for the community using and developing the open-source Python programming language. It is organized by the Python Software Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to advancing and promoting Python. PyCon is a conference for developers, users, and enthusiasts of the Python programming language.
880	what type of fictional setting is the setting type of daughter of the demon?	  Daughter of the Demon is a fantasy/supernatural setting. It is set in a world of magic and monsters, and follows a young girl who discovers she has magical powers.
881	which film producer has the highest weight of 95.25kg?	  There is no single film producer with a weight of 95.25kg.
882	name the video game that has subjects of transhumanism in it.	  Deus Ex: Human Revolution.
883	what is the conference venue for model organism bring your own database interface conference?	  The Model Organism Bring Your Own Database Interface Conference will be held virtually from June 28th-30th, 2021.
884	what unit of data transmission rate has a rate in bits per second larger than 1e+06?	  Gigabits per second (Gbps) has a rate of 1,000,000,000 bits per second, which is larger than 1e+06.
885	which character who has the ability of principles of flight had an item that was eventually destroyed by harry james potter?	  The character who had the ability of principles of flight is Madam Hooch, the Flying Instructor at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The item that was eventually destroyed by Harry Potter was the broomstick she gave him for his first flying lesson.
886	crd is supported by which computing platform?	  Kubernetes is supported by Linux, Windows, and macOS platforms.
887	1.0 is the equivalence in sieverts for which unit of dose equivalence?	  1 sievert (Sv) is equivalent to 1.0 unit of dose equivalence.
888	what are the units of conductance that are the same as or less than 1e-06 siemans?	  The units of conductance that are the same as or less than 1e-06 Siemens are:  1. Microsiemens (μS)  2. Nanosiemens (nS)  3. Picosiemens (pS)  4. Femtosiemens (fS)  5. Attosiemens (aS)  6. Zeptosiemens (zS)  7. Yoctosiemens (yS)
889	aug. the 15th, 1990 was the initial release date for which video game?	  The initial release date for the video game Super Mario World was August 15, 1990.
890	which is the family of a computer processor, which is also a variant of atmega64a?	  The Atmega64A is part of the Atmel AVR family of 8-bit microcontrollers.
891	centimetre–gram–second system of units is the unit of acceleration of what measurement system?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units is the unit of acceleration of the cgs (centimetre–gram–second) system of measurement.
892	nog-a-sake is categorized as what kind of dish?	  Nog-a-sake is a type of alcoholic drink.
893	the brighton main line has how many railway terminus?	  The Brighton Main Line has two railway termini: London Victoria and Brighton.
894	which is the family of a computer processor that is a variant of qualcomm msm 7201?	  The Qualcomm MSM7201 family of processors is a variant of the Snapdragon S1 platform.
895	which is the type of the conference series whose current frequency is every 4 years?	  The conference series is a quadrennial event.
896	which status names are given to the websites owned by google inc.?	  Google's websites are often referred to by their specific product names, such as Google Search, Gmail, YouTube, Google Maps, Google Drive, and Google Docs.
897	madrid - lleida high speed rail iine is part of what rail network?	  The Madrid-Lleida high speed rail line is part of the Spanish national rail network, operated by Renfe Operadora.
898	what geographical features are in the butte category?	  Geographical features in the butte category include: mesas, buttes, hoodoos, cliffs, canyons, and flat-topped hills.
899	kempston joystick interface class contains what peripheral device?	  A Kempston joystick interface class typically contains a joystick controller, which is a device that allows the user to control a computer game or other application by moving a joystick in different directions.
900	the drug that is bullet shaped is called?	  The drug that is bullet shaped is called amphetamine.
901	out of the visual artists, who is the shortest?	  It is not possible to answer this question without more information.
902	which video game engine is the previous version of id tech 5?	  The previous version of id Tech 5 is id Tech 4.
903	which fictional characters are of the bount species?	  Some popular fictional characters of the Bount species are Kariya Matou from the anime series Fate/stay night, Sawatari from Bleach, and Ririn from D.Gray-man.
904	what radio programs are about conservation?	  1. Living on Earth 2. Earth & Sky 3. The Environment Report 4. The Wild Life 5. The Green Scene 6. EcoTalk 7. Climate One 8. The Environmental Magazine 9. The Green Scene 10. Sustainability Now!
905	who is the video game content descriptor in pan-european game information?	  The Pan-European Game Information (PEGI) is an age rating system used throughout Europe to classify video games. The Video Game Content Descriptor is an additional label that provides information about the content of a video game. It is used to inform parents and other consumers about the type of content they can expect to find in the game.
906	which sports team is the member of (old) úrvalsdeild?	  The Úrvalsdeild is a football league in Iceland. The teams that are members of the Úrvalsdeild are: Breiðablik, FH, Fjölnir, Fram, Grotta, Haukar, KA, KR, Stjarnan, Valur, and Víkingur.
907	what unit of acceleration in the measurement system has a force unit of newtons?	  The unit of acceleration in the metric system that has a force unit of newtons is meters per second squared (m/s^2).
908	what unit is used in international system of units to measure volumetric heat capacity?	  The unit used in the International System of Units to measure volumetric heat capacity is joules per cubic meter-Kelvin (J/m³·K).
909	what speed unit shares the same measurement system with stilb?	  Candela (cd) is the unit of luminous intensity, which shares the same measurement system as stilb.
910	the flight destination of pan am flight 845/26 is in what newspaper circulation area?	  Pan Am Flight 845/26 did not exist.
911	which medical trial design using safety and effectiveness of giving indinavir plus stavudine plus lamivudine to hiv-infected children has the least number of expected total enrollment?	  The least number of expected total enrollment for a medical trial design using safety and effectiveness of giving indinavir plus stavudine plus lamivudine to HIV-infected children would depend on the specifics of the trial, such as the length of the trial and the number of participants. A smaller trial may require fewer participants, while a longer trial may require more participants.
912	where can i find the genomic locus in chromosome 15 (human)?	  The genomic locus in chromosome 15 (human) can be found in the UCSC Genome Browser. You can access this browser by visiting the UCSC Genome Browser website. Once you are on the website, you can search for the genomic locus by typing in the coordinates of the locus in the search box.
913	after the date of 05/08/2008, which song was added to rock band?	  It is impossible to answer this question without more information.
914	what measurement system uses cubic mile for volume?	  The Imperial System of Measurement uses cubic miles for volume.
915	which measurement system use katal per cubic metre as the catalytic concentration unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the unit katal per cubic meter (kat/m3) as a measure of catalytic concentration.
916	name the unit of length within the measurement system in which radiance is watt per square metre per steradian.	  Meter (m)
917	the distance of at least 57.05 is attained by which star system?	  There is no single star system that has a distance of at least 57.05.
918	which video game engine's successor engine is axiom engine?	  The Axiom Engine is the successor to the Unreal Engine.
919	how many tropical cyclone categories are there with the maximum wind speed (sustained) of 159.0?	  There are 5 tropical cyclone categories with a maximum wind speed (sustained) of 159.0 mph:  Category 1: 74-95 mph Category 2: 96-110 mph Category 3: 111-129 mph Category 4: 130-156 mph Category 5: 157-159 mph
920	which locomotives are members of the br standard class 7 class?	  The British Railways Standard Class 7 steam locomotives, also known as the Britannia Class, were designed by Robert A. Riddles and built by British Railways between 1951 and 1954. The class consisted of 55 locomotives, numbered 70001–70055.
921	what video game series has an expansion designed by gremlin interactive?	  The video game series with an expansion designed by Gremlin Interactive is the Theme Park series.
922	linkable networks is a supplier to which specific customer?	  Linkable Networks provides its services to customers in the retail, financial services, and healthcare industries.
923	roman has how many worship place types?	  Roman religion had two main types of worship places: temples and shrines.
924	which is the gameplay mode of the musical game that has the version of wacky worlds?	  The gameplay mode of the musical game Wacky Worlds is called "The Quest". In this mode, players explore different worlds, collect musical notes, and complete various tasks in order to progress in the game.
925	4 has what radio program in it?	  Grand Theft Auto IV features the in-game radio station "Liberty City Hardcore", which plays hardcore punk and metal music.
926	in the international system of units measurement system, what unit is used to measure wavenumber?	  The unit used to measure wavenumber in the International System of Units (SI) is inverse meters (m-1).
927	how many railway terminus is terminuses of tōkyū tōyoko line?	  There are two railway terminuses of the Tōkyū Tōyoko Line: Shibuya Station and Yokohama Station.
928	which rail measure has the greatest width?	  The widest rail measure is the broad gauge, which is typically 5 feet 6 inches (1,676 mm) or greater.
929	virtual console, which is developed by first star software, was released where?	  The Virtual Console was released on Nintendo's Wii gaming console in 2006.
930	for the game that has the soundtrack of biohazard: symphony, op. 91, how many designers contributed?	  The exact number of designers who contributed to the soundtrack of Biohazard: Symphony, Op. 91 is unknown. However, the game was developed by Capcom and the soundtrack was composed by Masami Ueda, Shusaku Uchiyama, and Shun Nishigaki.
931	how many designers contributed to the game that has the soundtrack of onimusha 3 - j-side?	  There were three main designers who contributed to the game that has the soundtrack of Onimusha 3 - J-Side: Tatsuya Minami, Hideki Kamiya, and Noritaka Funamizu.
932	what is the name of the locomotive that is owned by southern pacific railroad	  The locomotive owned by the Southern Pacific Railroad is the SP 4449, a streamlined, Art Deco-style steam locomotive built in 1941.
933	the si base unit of torques is what unit of moment?	  The SI base unit of torque is the Newton-meter (N⋅m).
934	ken is best known for designing the video game expansion of what popular video game series?	  The Elder Scrolls.
935	what is the unit of electric current that is no more than 10.0 current in amperes?	  The unit of electric current is the ampere (A), so 10.0 A is the maximum current.
936	can you name a recipe with a preparation time of 45.0?	  1. Baked Salmon with Honey Mustard Glaze - 45 minutes  2. Spicy Roasted Vegetables - 45 minutes  3. One-Pot Chicken and Rice - 45 minutes  4. Slow Cooker Chili - 45 minutes  5. Honey Garlic Shrimp - 45 minutes
937	east asian religions is a religion based on what?	  East Asian religions refer to a wide variety of religious traditions that originated in East Asia, including Confucianism, Taoism, Shinto, Buddhism, and Chinese folk religion. These traditions are based on a variety of beliefs, including the worship of deities, ancestor veneration, and ideas of personal and social ethics.
938	what government office or title has the governmental body (if any) of new hampshire house?	  The New Hampshire House of Representatives is the lower house of the New Hampshire General Court, the bicameral legislature of the state of New Hampshire. The House of Representatives consists of 400 members coming from 204 legislative districts across the state, created from divisions of the state's counties. The House of Representatives convenes in Representatives Hall of the New Hampshire State House in Concord.
939	jason pomeranc is owned by which hotel brand?	  Jason Pomeranc is the founder and CEO of sbe, an international lifestyle hospitality company.
940	which ship builder is responsible for having built uss constitution?	  The USS Constitution was built by the shipbuilders at Hartt & Richardson in Boston, Massachusetts.
941	what occupation is done by both jake black and charlie brown?	  Both Jake Black and Charlie Brown are cartoon characters, so they do not have an occupation.
942	astronomical unit of mass is measured using what unit of mass?	  The astronomical unit of mass is measured using the unit of mass called the Solar Mass (M⊙).
943	what is the name of what was the most recent browser released by the creators of compilation error?	  The most recent browser released by the creators of Compilation Error is called Compilation Error Browser.
944	irish gaelic books are published by which publisher?	  The publisher An Gúm is the official publisher of Irish language books in Ireland.
945	how many designers contributed to the game that has the soundtrack of sonic r?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it is not known how many designers worked on the game. However, the game was developed by Traveller's Tales and published by Sega, and the soundtrack was composed by Richard Jacques.
946	what unit of irradiance does 1.0 watts per square meter represent the equivalent of?	  1.0 W/m^2 is equivalent to 1.0 Joules per second per square meter, or 1.0 lux.
947	hl1 uses what video game mod?	  Counter-Strike: Source.
948	who built the locomotive for the new south wales d50 class locomotive?	  The D50 class locomotives were built by Clyde Engineering in Granville, New South Wales.
949	name the video game that was an expansion of asheron's call: throne of destiny.	
950	the peripheral mouse is supported by which gameplay mode in the video game?	  The peripheral mouse is supported by the point-and-click gameplay mode in the video game.
951	what is the unit of temperature that has a smallest zero point in kelvins?	  The unit of temperature with the smallest zero point is the Rankine scale, which has a zero point of absolute zero (-459.67°F or 0°R). The zero point of the Kelvin scale is absolute zero (-273.15°C or 0K).
952	which material is of the same class as cor-ten steel?	  Other materials of the same class as Corten steel include weathering steel, stainless steel, and aluminum.
953	what rating did the tv season which the highest number of episodes receive?	  The TV season with the highest number of episodes received an 8.7 rating on IMDb.
954	joule per mole has which unit?	  The unit of joule per mole is joules per mole (J/mol).
955	which area has been affected by cyclones of typhoon ora?	  Typhoon Ora affected parts of Japan, including the Ryukyu Islands, Honshu, Shikoku, and Kyushu.
956	what subatomic particles are from baryons family?	  The baryon family consists of three subatomic particles: protons, neutrons, and hyperons (or lambda baryons).
957	the international system of units measurement system is used by which unit of resistivity?	  The International System of Units (SI) measurement system is used to measure resistivity in units of ohm-meters (Ω⋅m).
958	irradiance units watt per square metre shares the same measurement system of what unit of temperature?	  Kelvin (K)
959	the lowest force in newtons is which unit of force?	  The newton (N) is the SI unit of force.
960	the conference electronic entertainment expo 2013 has a conference venue that is associated with what conference?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) 2013 was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
961	which is the parent genre of humor?	  Entertainment.
962	what is the uncompressed format that fujifilm finepix is-1 uses?	  The Fujifilm FinePix IS-1 uses the RAW (RAF) format for uncompressed images.
963	dance dance revolution extreme limited edition music sampler are the soundtracks of which video game?	  Dance Dance Revolution Extreme is a music video game developed and published by Konami. It is part of the Dance Dance Revolution series of games.
964	the largest energy in joules is which unit of energy?	  The largest unit of energy in joules is the terajoule (TJ).
965	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 83.1?	  Giraffe
966	what measurement system uses watt per square metre per steradian as the unit for electric field strength?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the watt per square metre per steradian (W/m2sr) as the unit of measure for electric field strength.
967	what inverse temperature unit does united states customary units belong to?	  United States customary units do not belong to any inverse temperature unit.
968	what video games are considered part of the top-down genre?	  Some of the most popular top-down video games include The Legend of Zelda, Diablo, Grand Theft Auto, Enter the Gungeon, Hotline Miami, Nuclear Throne, and Super Crate Box.
969	acreage is a measure of radiance in what measurement system?	  Acres are a unit of area measurement, not a measure of radiance. Radiance is typically measured in watts per square meter (W/m2).
970	the latest released version of the game over the top games was published in what region?	  The latest released version of the game Over the Top Games was published in Europe in June 2020.
971	which is the content type of album korpi ensemble?	  The content type of album Korpi Ensemble is folk music.
972	which subjects has jose emmanuel granados directed music videos in?	  Jose Emmanuel Granados has directed music videos in the genres of Pop, Rock, Reggaeton, and Latin Pop.
973	what number of religions is three pillars of sikhism practiced by?	  Three pillars of Sikhism are practiced by members of the Sikh faith.
974	the hundredweight is used as a measurement of mass in what system?	  The hundredweight is used as a measurement of mass in the Imperial system.
975	which team plays the sport of wrestling?	  Wrestling is typically played by individual athletes, but teams of wrestlers may also compete against one another.
976	what is the name of the unit of power that is associated with a measurement system having a magnetic field strength units including ampere per metre?	  The unit of power associated with a measurement system having a magnetic field strength units including ampere per metre is the watt (W).
977	which film producer has the highest weight of 65.5kg?	  The film producer with the highest weight of 65.5kg is Tyler Perry.
978	which class of locomotive is built by turbostar?	  The Turbostar class of locomotive is built by Bombardier Transportation.
979	in the episode megan duestehaus - quanada food pantry, what tv crew role is associate with a tv crew gig?	  The Associate Producer is typically the role associated with a TV crew gig. This role is responsible for assisting the producer in developing, coordinating and executing the production of a show.
980	the song added after jul. the 8th, 2008 to rock band was what?	  The song added after July 8th, 2008 to Rock Band was "The Middle" by Jimmy Eat World.
981	find the unit of magnetic flux in international system of units.	  The unit of magnetic flux in the International System of Units (SI) is the Weber (Wb).
982	what is the input method used in musical games published by activision publishing, inc.?	  The input method used in musical games published by Activision Publishing, Inc. varies depending on the game. Generally, the input methods used include motion controllers, touchscreens, and traditional game controllers.
983	what is the conference subject of sigmod 2008?	  The conference subject of SIGMOD 2008 was "Data Management Challenges in the 21st Century".
984	find video game versions released in wii/ds na.	  1. Mario Kart Wii (2008) 2. Super Mario Galaxy (2007) 3. New Super Mario Bros. (2006) 4. The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess (2006) 5. Wii Sports (2006) 6. Animal Crossing: Wild World (2005) 7. Mario Party 8 (2007) 8. Super Smash Bros. Brawl (2008) 9. Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games (2007) 10. Kirby's Epic Yarn (2010) 11. Brain Age: Train Your Brain in Minutes a Day (2005) 12. Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story (2009) 13. Mario Party DS (2007) 14. Nintendogs (2005) 15. New Super Mario Bros. DS (2006)
985	which medical specialty has the associated diseases or conditions of acute myeloblastic leukemia with maturation?	  Hematology/Oncology.
986	what is treated by d&e?	  D&E (dilation and evacuation) is a surgical procedure used to terminate a pregnancy. It is typically used in the second trimester of pregnancy. During the procedure, the cervix is dilated and the uterus is emptied using suction and medical instruments.
987	what musical artist was supported by itamar assumpção	  Itamar Assumpção was a Brazilian singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist. He was best known for his experimental fusion of traditional Brazilian music with rock, jazz, and funk. He was also a key figure in the Tropicalia movement and was an important influence on Brazilian music.
988	san jose convention center hosted what conference?	  The San Jose Convention Center has hosted a number of conferences, including the Silicon Valley International Auto Show, the Game Developers Conference, the Silicon Valley Comic Con, and the Maker Faire.
989	what system of measurement has the inductance units of henries?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the inductance unit of henries (H).
990	chris created which comic book characters who appeared in 24 seconds?	  Chris created the comic book characters "The 24 Seconds," which first appeared in the 2017 graphic novel of the same name.
991	how many types of worship places does catholic have?	  Catholic worship places include churches, chapels, basilicas, shrines, monasteries, convents, and cathedrals.
992	epic was published by who?	  Epic was published by Epic Games.
993	what is the holiday associated with season of advent and is a holiday of western christians?	  The holiday associated with the season of Advent and is a holiday of Western Christians is Christmas.
994	what time zome has a dst offset from utc and is more than -8.0?	  Zome has a Daylight Saving Time (DST) offset of -7.0 from UTC.
995	crafty is a member of what video game engine family?	  Crafty is a member of the JavaScript game engine family.
996	pan-european game information has what type of video game rating system?	  Pan-European Game Information (PEGI) is the video game rating system used in Europe. It is a system of age ratings for video games and apps, similar to the ESRB system used in North America. PEGI assigns age ratings to games based on their content, such as violence, language, fear, sex, drugs, and gambling.
997	the strabane terminuses is found at what railway?	  The Strabane Terminuses is located on the Belfast–Derry railway line, operated by Northern Ireland Railways.
998	the the standard school broadcast radio program has which subject?	  The standard school broadcast radio program typically focuses on topics related to education, such as school news, student achievements, upcoming events, and educational resources.
999	the united states customary units measurement system uses what unit of luminance?	  The United States Customary Units measurement system uses the foot-candle (fc) unit of luminance.
1000	id tech 2 is the successor engine to what video game?	  The original Quake engine.
1001	the unit ohm is the resistance measurement of what system?	  The unit ohm is the resistance measurement of an electrical system.
1002	in a conversation with john hodgman, what radio program is there?	  John Hodgman is a frequent guest on the public radio program This American Life.
1003	cae-y-castell is which sports team's home?	  Cae-y-Castell is the home of the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU).
1004	what game did wwe smackdown! here comes the pain follow?	  WWE SmackDown! Here Comes the Pain was followed by WWE SmackDown! Shut Your Mouth.
1005	what is the software genre of the parent genre device driver?	  The software genre of the parent genre device driver is Operating System Software.
1006	beyer, peacock builds locomotives of which class?	  Peacock builds locomotives of the Class 08 diesel-electric shunting locomotive class.
1007	what is the video game engine that does proceed mt framework?	  The Unreal Engine is the most popular video game engine that uses the Procedural MT Framework.
1008	who is the heaviest boxer?	  The answer to this question is subjective, as there is no definitive answer. However, some of the heaviest boxers in history include George Foreman, Vitali Klitschko, and Lennox Lewis.
1009	rpg maker 95 is a member of what video game engine family?	  RPG Maker 95 is a member of the RPG Maker engine family.
1010	what astronaut has the same ethnicity as john ford ?	  There is no astronaut with the same ethnicity as John Ford.
1011	which tv soundtrack was in the tv program of it's okay, daddy's girl?	  The soundtrack for the TV show It's Okay, Daddy's Girl was composed by Kim Tae-seong.
1012	"gray per second" is the absorbed dose rate unit of which measurement system?	  Gray per second is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
1013	which organism has a height larger than74.4?	  Humans
1014	how many heraldic crests are used on royal coat of arms of canada	  The Royal Coat of Arms of Canada uses two heraldic crests. The first crest, on the left side of the shield, is a lion standing on a crown, representing England. The second crest, on the right side of the shield, is a unicorn standing on a coronet, representing Scotland.
1015	what is the name of the characters that are on the stepsons?	  The stepsons in the Disney movie Cinderella are named Jaq and Gus.
1016	acm sig proceeding is a conference event of what?	  ACM SIG Proceedings is a conference event of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). It is a series of publications that contain the proceedings of the various conferences hosted by the ACM.
1017	what order of chivalry has emperor as its founder?	  The Order of the Holy Roman Empire, founded by Emperor Charles IV in 1356, is the highest order of chivalry in the Holy Roman Empire.
1018	freestyle genre features what musical artists?	  Freestyle is a genre of electronic dance music that emerged in the early 1980s. Popular artists in the genre include Shannon, TKA, George Lamond, Corina, Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam, Expose, Stevie B, Taylor Dayne, Debbie Deb, and The Cover Girls.
1019	what does the year measurement system use as its unit of frequency?	  The Year measurement system uses the year as its unit of frequency.
1020	what building has the earliest construction starting date?	  The Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt is believed to have the earliest construction starting date, around 2560 BC.
1021	what was the unit of heat capacity that is used in the international system of units system?	  The unit of heat capacity in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per kelvin (J/K).
1022	name the video game compilation which includes eliminator.	  The Midway Arcade Treasures series includes the game Eliminator.
1023	what video game is published by softdisk	  Softdisk published a variety of video games, including the early titles in the Commander Keen series, Catacombs 3D, Dangerous Dave, and Kingdom of Kroz.
1024	128.0 is the length of what railway?	  128.0 is not the length of any railway.
1025	which theater producer has the maximum weight	  There is no one definitive answer to this question as theater producers vary in weight.
1026	religious is the subject of the conference series of which geographical scope?	  The conference series is focused on the study of religious beliefs, practices, and institutions around the world. It covers a wide range of geographical areas, including Europe, Asia, Africa, the Americas, and Oceania.
1027	which region did atari inc publish the latest released version of its game?	  Atari Inc. publishes its games across multiple regions, including North America, Europe, and Asia.
1028	spongebob squarepants: lights, camera, pants! was published by who?	  The book was published by Simon Spotlight/Nickelodeon.
1029	international system of units is the measurement system for which unit of permittivity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the farad per meter (F/m) as the unit of permittivity.
1030	guiana space center is the spaceport for which space agency?	  The Guiana Space Center is the spaceport for the European Space Agency (ESA).
1031	international system of units has which unit of viscosity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the pascal second (Pa•s) as the unit of dynamic viscosity.
1032	what is a unit of conductivity that has conductivity less than 1.0 siemens per meter?	  The unit of conductivity that has conductivity less than 1.0 siemens per meter is the millisiemens per meter (mS/m).
1033	what type of material is the roller coaster thunderbird made out of?	  The roller coaster Thunderbird is made out of steel.
1034	what drug formulations use the dosage form delayed release orally disintegrating tablet?	  Examples of drugs that use the dosage form delayed release orally disintegrating tablet include:   - Metformin (Glucophage XR)  - Venlafaxine (Effexor XR)  - Desvenlafaxine (Pristiq)  - Quetiapine (Seroquel XR)  - Risperidone (Risperdal M-TAB)  - Olanzapine (Zyprexa Zydis)  - Donepezil (Aricept ODT)  - Atomoxetine (Strattera)  - Duloxetine (Cymbalta)  - Fexofenadine (Allegra ODT)
1035	what mountain range passes gomal pass?	  Gomal Pass is located in the Suleman Range of the Hindu Kush mountain range.
1036	which fictional characters are of the mantine species?	  The only fictional characters of the Mantine species are the Pokémon Mantine, which appear in the Pokémon video game series.
1037	what star can be found in a constellation whose location is by fornax?	  The brightest star in the constellation Fornax is Alpha Fornacis, also known as Fornacis. It is an orange giant star located about 97 light years from Earth.
1038	find arcade mode.	  Arcade mode can be found in many different types of video games, including fighting games, racing games, and sports games. It is typically a single-player mode in which the player plays against the computer or an AI opponent in order to achieve a high score or reach a certain goal. In some games, the player may also be able to compete against other players in an online leaderboard.
1039	letterkenny is the terminuses of which railway?	  The Letterkenny railway station is served by the Dublin-Derry railway line.
1040	disc record gramaphone was invented by who?	  The gramophone was invented by Emile Berliner in 1887.
1041	how many religions practice sikh baptism?	  Sikh baptism is a religious ceremony practiced by followers of the Sikh faith, and it is not practiced by any other religions.
1042	fred lawrence whipple observatory had what survey done here?	  The Fred Lawrence Whipple Observatory is best known for its pioneering survey of the sky for gamma-ray sources, the first of its kind in the world. This survey was conducted with the High Energy Gamma Ray Astronomy (HEGRA) experiment, which used an array of four imaging atmospheric Cherenkov telescopes (IACTs) to detect gamma rays from sources in the sky.
1043	homeopathy was the subject of what written work?	  The Organon of the Medical Art by Samuel Hahnemann is a foundational work in homeopathy.
1044	which film producer has a weight of at most 195.0?	  The late Stan Lee, the legendary Marvel Comics creator and film producer, had a weight of 195.0 pounds.
1045	what ingredient does mudslide need,that includes dairy products?	  A classic Mudslide cocktail typically includes vodka, coffee liqueur, Irish cream liqueur, and cream or half-and-half.
1046	what is the development update of the rocket engine that has an isp (sea level) that is no more than 260.0 and is designed by rocketdyne?	  Rocketdyne is currently developing an advanced, high-performance rocket engine with an Isp (Sea Level) of no more than 260.0. The engine is designed to be a more efficient and cost-effective solution for space exploration and travel. The company is currently in the process of testing and refining the engine design to ensure it meets the performance requirements. The engine is expected to be ready for flight testing within the next few months.
1047	which is the smallest unit of mass in terms of weightmass of kilograms?	  The smallest unit of mass in terms of weightmass is the milligram (mg), which is equal to 0.001 kilograms (kg).
1048	in the asteroid family of 653 berenike which asteroids are included?	  The asteroids included in the 653 Berenike family are 653 Berenike, 804 Aase, 839 Marlene, 851 Ninina, 876 Scott, 972 Holda, 1165 Anga, 1214 Eurydike, 1229 Blanche, 1243 Anneliese, 1246 Gemma, 1247 Elfriede, 1248 Else, 1249 Marianne, 1250 Hildegard, 1251 Lieselotte, 1252 Thekla, 1253 Jutta, 1254 Kordula, 1255 Ursula, 1256 Gertrud, 1257 Hedwig, 1258 Gisela, 1259 Mathilde, 1260 Hermine, 1261 Helga, 1262 Trudy, 1263 Edith, 1264 Wilma, 1265 Agnes, 1266 Gudrun, 1267 Liesel, 1268 Annelie, 1269 Ilse, 1270 Ursa, 1271 Wilhelmina, 1272 Ingeborg, 1273 Elfrieda, 1274 Hildburg, 1275 Lola, 1276 Erna, 1277 Gerti, 1278 Ilona, 1279 Annelore, 1280 Marlene, 1281 Elisabetha, 1282 Agneta, 1283 Beatrix, 1284 Brigitte, 1285 Irene, 1286 Grete, 1287 Renate, 1288 Klara, 1289 Frieda, 1290 Ingrid, 1291 Margarete, 1292 Rike, 1293 Hannelore, 1294 Erika, 1295 Lina, 1296 Elfi, 1297 Ilsebill, 1298 Ernae, 1299 Gudruna, 1300 Lore, 1301 Steffi, 1302 Helma, 1303 Annette, 1304 Marga, 1305 Elvira, 1306 Erna, 1307 Elke, 1308 Christa, 1309 Magda, 1310 Sonja, 1311 Brigitta, 1312 Ingrid, 1313 Elisabeth, 1314 Ilsemann, 1315 Trude, 1316 Elly, 1317 Reni, 1318 Edda, 1319 Sigrid, 1320 Hertha, 1321 Gerda, 1322 Ulla, 1323 Gudrun, 1324 Helga, 1325 Friederike, 1326 Christel, 1327 Lieselotte, 1328 Hanneliese, 1329 Marita, 1330 Ursula, 1331 Elke, 1332 Ute, 1333 Annelies, 1334 Gerlinde, 1335 Beate, 1336 Martha, 1337 Irene, 1338 Elfriede, 1339 Hildegard, 1340 Magda, 1341 Erika, 1342 Gertrud, 1343 Inge, 1344 Elfrieda, 1345 Hildburg, 1346 Else, 1347 Marianne, 1348 Kordula, 1349 Jutta, 1350 Thekla, 1351 Liesel, 1352 Annelie, 1353 Ilse, 1354 Wilma, 1355 Agnes, 1356 Gudrun, 1357 Hedwig, 1358 Gisela, 1359 Mathilde, 1360 Hermine, 1361 Helga, 1362 Trudy, 1363 Edith, 1364 Wilhelmina, 1365 Ursa, 1366 Annelore, 1367 Marlene, 1368 Elisabetha, 1369 Agneta, 1370 Beatrix, 1371 Irene, 1372 Grete, 1373 Renate, 1374 Klara, 1375 Frieda, 1376 Ingrid, 1377 Margarete, 1378 Rike, 1379 Hannelore, 1380 Erika, 1381 Lina, 1382 Elfi, 1383 Ilsebill, 1384 Ernae, 1385 Gudruna, 1386 Lore, 1387 Steffi, 1388 Helma, 1389 Annette, 1390 Marga, 1391 Elvira, and 1392 Erna.
1049	where in chromosome 8 (human) is the genomic locus?	  The genomic locus of chromosome 8 (human) is 8p23.1.
1050	what shopping center has a space as big as 30193?	  The Mall of America in Bloomington, Minnesota has a space of over 5.6 million square feet, which is much larger than 30193 square feet.
1051	kg/m3 is the density units for which system of measurement?	  The density units kg/m3 is a part of the International System of Units (SI).
1052	which radio episode was about global financial crisis of 2008–2009?	  The episode of the radio show "This American Life" titled "The Giant Pool of Money" is about the global financial crisis of 2008–2009.
1053	which measurement system uses foot pounds as the moment of force unit?	  The English/Imperial measurement system uses foot-pounds as the unit of moment of force.
1054	what are the names of the basketball teams that are a part of the southwest division?	  1. Dallas Mavericks 2. Houston Rockets 3. Memphis Grizzlies 4. New Orleans Pelicans 5. San Antonio Spurs
1055	tupungato department has which wine?	  Tupungato Department is located in the Mendoza Province of Argentina, and is known for producing some of the country's finest wines. Popular varietals include Malbec, Cabernet Sauvignon, Syrah, and Chardonnay.
1056	under the international system of units, what is the measure for a unit of permeability?	  The measure for a unit of permeability under the international system of units is henry per meter (H/m).
1057	syr contains what fictional object?	  The Eye of Syr is a magical object featured in the fantasy novel The Dark Is Rising by Susan Cooper. It is a crystal sphere that is said to hold the power to control the forces of the universe.
1058	what is the video game genre of wow? 	  World of Warcraft (WoW) is a Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (MMORPG).
1059	what is the number of movie casting directors from the s. africa?	  Unfortunately, there is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on the specific movie and production team.
1060	how many units of energy are there in the measurement system containing cubic metre per kilogram?	  There is no single unit of energy in the metric system. Energy is measured in joules (J), kilojoules (kJ), megajoules (MJ), or gigajoules (GJ).
1061	what is the radio program episode of open circuit?	  Open Circuit is a weekly radio program that explores the world of electronic music and its many sub-genres. The program features interviews with renowned electronic music artists, DJs, producers, and more. Each episode is available to stream online and can also be found on various radio stations around the world.
1062	what are the sponsors of sigkdd?	  The sponsors of SIGKDD (the ACM Special Interest Group on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining) include Microsoft, Google, Oracle, IBM, Amazon Web Services, Intel, and SAP.
1063	what is the business operation of women's, girls', and infants' cut and sew apparel contractors?	  Women's, girls', and infants' cut and sew apparel contractors typically provide design, pattern making, fabric cutting, and sewing services for the production of women's, girls', and infants' apparel. They may also provide additional services such as garment finishing, labeling, and packaging. The contractors typically purchase fabric and other materials from suppliers and then produce garments according to the specifications of their clients.
1064	name the radio telescope that is housed in jodrell bank?	  The Lovell Telescope.
1065	what medical trial has been tested for teriparatide?	  A medical trial testing teriparatide (brand name Forteo) has been conducted by the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases (NIAMS). The trial was designed to assess the safety and efficacy of teriparatide for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis. The trial was conducted in two parts. Part 1 was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that included 1,073 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. Part 2 was an open-label extension study that included 619 of the women from Part 1. The results of the trial showed that teriparatide was effective in reducing the risk of vertebral fractures and increasing bone mineral density in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis.
1066	which status names are given to the websites owned by bob fernandes?	  Bob Fernandes' websites could be given any status name, depending on the purpose and content of the website. It is up to Bob Fernandes to decide what status name to give his websites.
1067	832 karin was the first asteroid of what family?	  Karin is the first asteroid of the Karin family, a group of asteroids located in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter.
1068	vat 69 is blended in which style of spirit?	  Vat 69 is a blended Scotch whisky.
1069	denmark national football team is in what football match?	  The Denmark national football team is currently competing in the 2020-21 UEFA Nations League.
1070	what transmission rate runs at a 8e+09 rate in bits per second?	  800 Gbps
1071	which unit of data transmission rate has its rate in bits/second greater than 8e+12?	  The unit of data transmission rate with a rate greater than 8e+12 bits/second is the Terabit per second (Tbps).
1072	trifork sponsors what software conference series?	  Trifork sponsors the GOTO Conference series.
1073	baronial coronet is on what coat of arms?	  A baronial coronet is typically found on the arms of a baron or baroness. The coronet is typically a small crown with four or six silver balls around the rim.
1074	nintendo gamecube controller is compatible with what videos games?	  The Nintendo GameCube controller is compatible with the following games: Super Smash Bros. Melee, Mario Kart: Double Dash, Mario Party 4-7, Super Mario Sunshine, Luigi's Mansion, The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker, Pikmin 1 & 2, Animal Crossing, F-Zero GX, and many more.
1075	the conductance units of siemens are used in which measurement system?	  The conductance unit of Siemens is used in the International System of Units (SI) measurement system.
1076	what song for tv or television did roy kelton orbison compose?	  Roy Orbison wrote the theme song for the television show "The Roy Orbison Show" in 1976.
1077	in 2004-03-08, which video game was released?	  The video game "Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater" was released on March 8, 2004.
1078	which measurement system has the inductance units of henries?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the inductance unit of henries.
1079	species of wild boar belong to what organism in zoo exhibit?	  The wild boar belongs to the Suidae family of mammals.
1080	what unit of pressure uses gray per second?	  The gray per second is a unit of absorbed dose, not pressure. Common units of pressure include pascals, atmospheres, and millibars.
1081	which is the school magazine of university?	  The school magazine of a university is typically called the student newspaper or student magazine.
1082	the ps2 family includes what other video game platform?	  The PlayStation 2 family includes the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation Vita.
1083	auto body repair is a type of which organization?	  Auto body repair is a type of automotive repair service.
1084	caesar iv is a series of games made for which platform?	  Caesar IV is a series of games developed by Tilted Mill Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment for Microsoft Windows.
1085	which html layout engine is used by the web browser written by opendocument format?	  OpenDocument Format does not have a web browser, so there is no HTML layout engine associated with it.
1086	how many bootlegs are in existence?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the exact number of bootlegs in existence is impossible to quantify.
1087	which bipropellant rocket engine has an expansion ratio of 27.5?	  The Aerojet Rocketdyne RL10 is a bipropellant rocket engine that has an expansion ratio of 27.5.
1088	17.7 is the length of which railway?	  There is no railway with a length of 17.7.
1089	total drama island shares a common cast with which tv program?	  Total Drama Island shares a common cast with Total Drama World Tour.
1090	what airline's icao designator is 17?	  The airline with the ICAO designator 17 is Air China.
1091	what time zone has a dst difference of more than 13.75 from utc?	  The Samoa Time Zone has a Daylight Saving Time difference of more than 13.75 from UTC.
1092	what internet stream does the soulfulclassics.com broadcast content on?	  SoulfulClassics.com broadcasts its content on the Live365 internet radio streaming platform.
1093	what is the shape of galaxies with the same classification code such as elliptical galaxy m110?	  The shape of an elliptical galaxy such as M110 is typically round or oval, with no distinct features.
1094	we remember paleontologist and evolutionary biologist stephen jay gould is a segment on which radio program episode?	  This question does not have a definitive answer, as Stephen Jay Gould has not been featured on any particular radio program episode.
1095	what class of ship has the maximum max speed?	  The class of ship with the highest maximum speed is the hydrofoil. Hydrofoils are ships that use airfoil-shaped wings to lift the hull out of the water, reducing drag and allowing them to reach speeds of up to 70 knots (80 mph).
1096	andrej gusev speaks the same language as which cyclists?	  Andrej Gusev is a professional road cyclist from Russia. He speaks Russian, so the cyclists who speak the same language as him would also be Russian.
1097	which meteorite has a mass of less than or equal to 16550.0?	  The meteorite with a mass of less than or equal to 16550.0 is the NWA 869 meteorite.
1098	what conference series focuses on orycon?	  Orycon is an annual science fiction and fantasy convention held in Portland, Oregon. It is part of the Westercon series of conventions.
1099	what storage type is supported by eos 5d mark ii and those with color filter array of bayer?	  The Canon EOS 5D Mark II supports CompactFlash (CF) memory cards with a Bayer color filter array.
1100	which unit of a plane angle measures the surface density units of kilogram per square metre?	  The unit of a plane angle does not measure surface density units. Surface density is typically measured in units of kilograms per square meter (kg/m^2).
1101	what computer processor family is a variant of atmega162?	  The Atmega162 is a variant of the Atmel AVR 8-bit microcontroller family.
1102	pertaining to the school district of alamance-burlington school system, which school is in it?	  The Alamance-Burlington School System includes all public schools in Alamance County and Burlington, North Carolina. These schools include: Altamahaw-Ossipee Elementary School, Burlington Elementary School, Broadview Middle School, Eastern Alamance High School, Graham High School, Haw River Elementary School, Hillcrest Elementary School, Highland Elementary School, Hugh M. Cummings High School, North Graham Elementary School, Southern Alamance High School, South Graham Elementary School, Turrentine Middle School, and Western Alamance High School.
1103	what is the unit profile of the si base unit of joules?	  The SI base unit of joules is the kilojoule (kJ). It is defined as the amount of energy required to move an object with a mass of one kilogram a distance of one meter, while applying a force of one newton.
1104	the text at the core of eastern christians and honored by sunday-school practitioners is what?	  The text at the core of Eastern Christianity and honored by Sunday-school practitioners is the Bible.
1105	which literary genre spawned the game genre which is the offspring of the genre speculative literature?	  The literary genre that spawned the game genre which is the offspring of speculative literature is science fiction.
1106	which unit of length is affiliated with a measurement system whose mass units include hundredweight?	  Imperial.
1107	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 1.74?	  Giraffe
1108	the international system of units uses what measurement for a unit of permeability?	  The international system of units uses the henry per meter (H/m) as a unit of permeability.
1109	which units of energy belong to the same measurement system as k?	  Kilojoules (kJ) and Kilowatt-hours (kWh) belong to the same measurement system as k (kilocalories).
1110	the techcrunch disrupt conference is what type of conference?	  TechCrunch Disrupt is a technology conference and startup competition held annually in multiple cities around the world. It is organized by the technology news website TechCrunch and focuses on showcasing new technology startups and discussing the latest trends in the technology industry.
1111	name the tld registry that registered global name registry.	  The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) is the registry that registered Global Name Registry.
1112	name the field of study that has henrietta harrison in the academics in this field.	  Henrietta Harrison is an academic in the field of Chinese Studies. She is a professor of modern Chinese history at the University of Oxford, UK.
1113	what is the language writing system of araona language?	  The Araona language is written using the Latin alphabet.
1114	which exhibition has the same exhibition curator with venice biennale of architecture taiwan pavillion 2006?	  The same exhibition curator for the Venice Biennale of Architecture Taiwan Pavilion 2006 was Yung Ho Chang. He was also the curator for the Shanghai Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism in 2008.
1115	what is the measure for a unit of density that shares a measurement system with kilometres per second as a measure of speed?	  Kilograms per cubic metre (kg/m3).
1116	which mozilla corporation browser uses ftp?	  Mozilla Firefox.
1117	name the author which is from the school or movement of the literary realism.	  William Dean Howells
1118	after the date of 12/11/2008, which song was added to guitar hero?	  The song "The Pretender" by Foo Fighters was added to Guitar Hero on December 11, 2008.
1119	international system of units uses what unit as the surface tension?	  The SI unit for surface tension is the newton per meter (N/m).
1120	of the fictional characters, which has the maximum weight?	  The character with the maximum weight would depend on the context of the story and the characters involved.
1121	which video game has the subjects of general fitness?	  The popular game that focuses on general fitness is Wii Fit. It is a fitness video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii home video game console. It was first released in Japan on December 1, 2007, and was later released in other regions in 2008. The game makes use of the Wii Balance Board, a platform peripheral that the player stands upon while playing.
1122	what political party operates out of namibia?	  The ruling political party of Namibia is the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO).
1123	ohm centimeter is a unit of resistivity unit in which measurement system?	  The ohm-centimeter is a unit of resistivity in the International System of Units (SI).
1124	which class of locomotive is built by stadler kiss?	  The Stadler Kiss is a type of electric multiple unit (EMU) train manufactured by Stadler Rail.
1125	what is the top level domain that university of curaçao mr. dr. moises frumencio da costa gomez sponsors?	  The top level domain that University of Curaçao sponsors is ".cw".
1126	which sponsor of the conference also sponsored the same conference series with escience talk?	  The sponsor of the conference series with EScience Talk is Google Cloud.
1127	online is a content descriptor of what video game rating system?	  ESRB Online is a content descriptor used in the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) video game rating system.
1128	an image ratio of 3:2 is a feature of which camera models?	  Many digital cameras, including DSLRs, mirrorless cameras, and point-and-shoot cameras, have a 3:2 image ratio.
1129	reciprocal metre is the name for the wavenumber unit in which system of measurement?	  Reciprocal metre is a unit of measurement used in the SI (International System of Units).
1130	which meteorite's mass is less than or equal to 920000.0?	  The meteorite with a mass less than or equal to 920000.0 is the Campo del Cielo meteorite.
1131	in international system of units, what is the unit for volumetric heat capacity?	  The unit for volumetric heat capacity in the international system of units is joules per cubic meter per kelvin (J/m3⋅K).
1132	metre per second is a speed unit in which measurement system?	  The metre per second is a speed unit in the metric system.
1133	having the most recent date of design applies to which ship class?	  The most recent date of design applies to the most recently designed ship class.
1134	which meteorite has a mass of less than or equal to 1830.0?	  The meteorite "Canyon Diablo Iron Meteorite" has a mass of 1830.0 grams.
1135	what is the name of the opera house that has the most number of floors?	  The New National Theatre Tokyo in Japan is the opera house with the most number of floors, with a total of 23 floors.
1136	rpg maker has how many engines?	  RPG Maker has three engines: RPG Maker 2000, RPG Maker 2003, and RPG Maker MV.
1137	which is the language dialect of greenlandic?	  Greenlandic is the language of Greenland and is a dialect of the Inuit-Yupik language family.
1138	the adaption from the positronic man is what adaption from adapted work?	  An adaptation from the positronic man is a new work that is based on the original source material, such as a novel, movie, or play. This new work may be a different medium, such as a film, television show, or stage play, or it may be a new version of the original work, such as a comic book or video game.
1139	round island light is shaped like what?	  Round island lights are typically shaped like a dome or drum.
1140	the swedish units of measurement incorpates how many units of length?	  There are three units of length used in Sweden: meters, decimeters, and centimeters.
1141	of roller coasters at hershey park, who designed the slowest?	  The slowest roller coaster at Hersheypark is the Hershey Triple Tower, designed by S&S Worldwide.
1142	which system contains the nail measurement unit?	  The Imperial System of Measurement.
1143	what is the number of comic book writers whose profession is musicians?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on which comic book writers are being considered.
1144	the plane angle units of angular mil has which measurement system?	  The angular mil is a unit of measurement used in the Imperial system and in some military applications.
1145	what is the name of the type of the conference series whose current frequency is semiannually?	  The name of the conference series is a Semiannual Conference Series.
1146	what rocket engines can thrust 6.7e+06?	  The RS-25 rocket engine, also known as the Space Shuttle Main Engine, is capable of thrusting 6.7e+06 Newtons.
1147	find the rail gauge that has the most maximum width.	  The widest rail gauge in use today is the Russian 1520 mm gauge.
1148	international is the geographical scope of which conference series?	  The International Conference Series has a global scope.
1149	the locomotive classes of caledonian railway 782 class are what?	  The Caledonian Railway 782 Class was a class of 0-4-4T steam locomotives designed by William Pickersgill and built between 1876 and 1878. The class was used for suburban passenger services and freight services.
1150	phenylephrine hydrochloride and fat, hard 1.86/0.00525 suppository is in which routed drug?	  This is a medication for rectal administration.
1151	what unit of mass are used to measured in astronomical unit of mass?	  Astronomical units of mass are usually measured in solar masses (M☉).
1152	how many game expansions has valve corp released?	  Valve Corporation has released a total of three game expansions: Half-Life: Opposing Force, Half-Life: Blue Shift, and Half-Life: Decay.
1153	which ship has a length at waterline below 110.0?	  The following ships have a length at waterline below 110.0:  - HMS Victory (104.94 m) - USS Constitution (104.6 m) - USS Missouri (108.3 m) - USS Arizona (106.7 m) - HMS Warrior (107.4 m) - HMS Belfast (108.5 m)
1154	what is the celestial object category of 8757 cyaneus?	  8757 Cyaneus is classified as a Main Belt asteroid.
1155	gallup, 2012 presidential election, 2012-07-18 elected which polling authority?	  The Gallup Organization was the polling authority for the 2012 presidential election.
1156	what type of rail guage has the maximum width?	  The widest standard rail gauge is 5 feet, 6 inches (1,676 mm).
1157	if you want the smallest rate of bits per second, which unit of data transmission do you use?	  The unit of data transmission with the smallest rate of bits per second is the baud.
1158	what is the name of the catalytic activity in which it has an activity of 1.667e-08 in katals?	  The catalytic activity is called the Michaelis-Menten constant (Km).
1159	h-tv productions is what organization type?	  Fh-tv Productions is a television production company.
1160	what is the most recent student organization to be founded?	  The most recent student organization to be founded will depend on the particular school or region.
1161	who was behind the landscaping of château de saint-germain-en-laye?	  The original landscaping of Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye was done by André Le Nôtre, a famous French landscape architect who is best known for his work on the gardens of Versailles.
1162	16 is the minimum typical age for which grade level?	  Grade 10 (or sophomore year in high school).
1163	which venue was the 1920 summer olympics hosted?	  The 1920 Summer Olympics were hosted in Antwerp, Belgium.
1164	what energy unit is used in the same measurement system as becquerels to measure radioactivity?	  The becquerel is the SI derived unit of radioactivity, so other energy units used in the same measurement system are gray (Gy) and sievert (Sv).
1165	which organization location has the parent organization of bigpoint ?	  The parent organization of Bigpoint is Modern Times Group (MTG), a Swedish digital entertainment company headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden.
1166	what is the distilled spirit type of old forester	  Old Forester is a brand of Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey.
1167	the lodi dynasty royal line belongs to what monarch?	  The Lodi Dynasty ruled over the Delhi Sultanate from 1451 to 1526. The first Lodi ruler was Bahlul Khan Lodi, who was succeeded by his son, Sikandar Lodi.
1168	in which fictional universe does shellder exist?	  Shellder is a Pokémon that exists in the Pokémon universe.
1169	what is the name of the video game developer who created the mega man x collection game and a version of the phoenix wright: ace attorney game?	  The video game developer who created the Mega Man X Collection game and a version of the Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney game is Capcom.
1170	name the unit of permittivity that has permittivity in farads per meter 1.0.	  Farad per meter (F/m)
1171	his dark materials is which fictional species?	  The fictional species featured in Philip Pullman's His Dark Materials series is called "dæmons".
1172	what type of drinking establishment is kingston arms?	  Kingston Arms is a pub.
1173	which type of fictional setting is the setting type of a fictional setting of a death in the family, part one?	  Tragedy.
1174	what tv station was founded most recently?	  The most recently founded television station is likely to depend on where you are located. Some of the most recently founded stations include Newsmax TV, Fox Nation, and Start TV.
1175	what is the specific volume unit in the international system of units?	  The specific volume unit in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per kilogram (m3/kg).
1176	what is the unit used for frequency in the measurement system for millisiemens?	  The unit used for frequency in the measurement system for millisiemens is hertz (Hz).
1177	carboplatin intravenous administers which drug?	  Carboplatin is an antineoplastic chemotherapy drug used in the treatment of certain types of cancer. It is an alkylating agent, which works by blocking the growth of cancer cells.
1178	which electric system has locomotive system sbb-cff-ffs re 420?	  The SBB-CFF-FFS Re 420 is powered by a three-phase asynchronous electric system.
1179	what rail network does henley beach railway line belong to?	  The Henley Beach Railway Line belongs to the Adelaide Metro network in South Australia.
1180	afilias was registered by which tld registry?	  The .afilias TLD registry is operated by Afilias Limited, a Dublin-based company.
1181	what content type is on the album the garage tape dayz 78–81?	  The album The Garage Tape Dayz 78–81 is a compilation of punk and post-punk tracks, so its content type would be rock music.
1182	national trust for historic preservation owns which hotel brand?	  The National Trust for Historic Preservation does not own any hotel brand.
1183	which video game version was published by arc system works?	  The most popular version of a video game published by Arc System Works is the fighting game BlazBlue.
1184	what radio episode was about global financial crisis of 2008–2009?	  The episode of This American Life titled "The Giant Pool of Money" (Episode #359) was about the global financial crisis of 2008–2009.
1185	what image was created most recently?	  The answer to this question depends on the context. It could refer to any image created in the world, or it could refer to a specific image created by a particular artist or photographer.
1186	which unit of permittivity uses the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of permittivity in the International System of Units (SI) is the farad per meter (F/m).
1187	which unit of viscosity is a part of the international system of units system?	  The Pascal-second (Pa·s) is the unit of dynamic viscosity in the International System of Units (SI).
1188	the person who founded the soviet red army also founded what government agency?	  The person who founded the Soviet Red Army was Vladimir Lenin, and he also founded the Cheka, the Soviet Union's first secret police agency.
1189	the musical game that has the version of we cheer is in what gameplay mode?	  We Cheer is a rhythm-based game that can be played in either single-player or multiplayer modes.
1190	who are the sponsors of the africa singapore business forum?	  The sponsors of the Africa Singapore Business Forum are:  1. Singapore Business Federation 2. Enterprise Singapore 3. Temasek Foundation 4. African Development Bank 5. African Export-Import Bank 6. African Union 7. International Finance Corporation 8. Standard Chartered Bank 9. African Legal Support Facility 10. African Risk Capacity.
1191	blue dojo studios developed what video games?	  Blue Dojo Studios is a small independent game development studio based in Toronto, Canada. They are best known for their game, Kingdom Rush Origins, which is a tower defense strategy game for mobile devices. Other games developed by Blue Dojo Studios include Kingdom Rush, Kingdom Rush Frontiers, Kingdom Rush Vengeance, and Iron Marines.
1192	what number of railway terminus is terminuses of west coast mainline?	  There are four railway terminuses on the West Coast Mainline: London Euston, Birmingham New Street, Manchester Piccadilly and Glasgow Central.
1193	in which court jurisdiction area did the latest buried person die?	  It is not possible to answer this question without more information.
1194	name the work of writing which is included in melvin beederman series.	  The Melvin Beederman series includes the following books:  1. Melvin Beederman, Superhero 2. The Curse of the Bologna Sandwich 3. The Search for the Feathered Mask 4. The Revenge of the Camp Crush 5. The Great Smelly Boot Mystery 6. The Case of the Missing Action Figure 7. The Secret of the Shadowy Stallion 8. The Hunt for the Flying Tomato 9. The Mystery of the Masked Maverick 10. The Great Bicycle Race Caper
1195	what is the icd-9-cm classification that is the parent classification of other specified cardiovascular syphilis?	  The parent ICD-9-CM classification for "Other Specified Cardiovascular Syphilis" is 090.5.
1196	wgaf is the game engine that is used in which video game?	  The game engine WGAF is used in the video game series Warlords.
1197	in the international system of units, what unit is used for amount of concentration?	  The unit used for amount of concentration in the international system of units is moles per cubic meter (mol/m^3).
1198	the latest released version of the game by bandai-namco was published in which region?	  The latest released version of the game by Bandai-Namco was published in North America on November 15, 2019.
1199	what celestial object has the hipparcos catalog number of 91262?	  The celestial object with the Hipparcos catalog number 91262 is the star HD 206860.
1200	343 competitors play in what multi-event tournament?	  The decathlon.
1201	what soundtrack is artist smash mouth featured on?	  Smash Mouth is featured on the soundtrack for the 2001 movie Shrek.
1202	which unit of measure is used for units of fewer than 1e+12 seconds by the international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the unit of measure "seconds" for units of fewer than 1e+12 seconds.
1203	the typical ingredients of peach purée can be found in which dish?	  Peach purée can be used as an ingredient in many dishes, such as peach cobbler, peach pie, peach crisp, peach upside-down cake, peach smoothies, and peach sorbet.
1204	what is the oxidizer of the bipropellant rocket engine with greatest diameter?	  The oxidizer of the bipropellant rocket engine with the greatest diameter is typically liquid oxygen (LOX).
1205	a mechanical horsepower is a time unit for which measurements system?	  The mechanical horsepower is a unit of power in the Imperial and US customary systems of measurement.
1206	which kind of light unit has an illuminance of 1.0 lux?	  A candle produces an illuminance of 1.0 lux.
1207	area is measured in what units for us customary unit?	  Square feet (ft2).
1208	used to measure time under 1e+24 seconds, what is the name of the unit of time in the international system of units?	  The unit of time in the International System of Units (SI) is the second.
1209	the name of the locomotive class that has a weight of 129.0 is called what?	  The locomotive class that has a weight of 129.0 is called the GT26CW-2.
1210	what video game, in chrono series, is designed by nobuteru yūki?	  Chrono Trigger, released in 1995 for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES).
1211	which unit of speed is in the same measurement system as stilb?	  Stilb is a unit of luminance, which is a measure of the brightness of light. Therefore, the same measurement system would be lumens per square meter (lm/m2).
1212	what ship builder built uss croaker?	  The USS Croaker was built by the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation.
1213	what is total amount of spacecraft's that agency and finmeccanica manufacture?	  There is no single answer to this question as the total number of spacecrafts manufactured by both the agency and Finmeccanica would depend on the specific models and types of spacecrafts being manufactured.
1214	what rocket engines are able to thrust 1.505e+06?	  The SpaceX Merlin 1D engine is capable of producing a maximum thrust of 1.505e+06 Newtons.
1215	lehendakari is a title or government office for what governmental body?	  The Lehendakari is the title of the President of the Basque Government, the autonomous government of the Basque Country in Spain.
1216	what was the game that came before steel panthers iii: brigade command?	  Steel Panthers III: Modern Battles.
1217	a minimum speed larger than 125.0 categorizes which tropical cyclone?	  A tropical cyclone with a minimum speed larger than 125.0 would be classified as a Category 3 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale.
1218	what measuring instrument is a subclass of accelerometers?	  A piezoelectric accelerometer is a type of accelerometer that is commonly used to measure vibration, shock, and acceleration.
1219	frankie baldwin is the parent of what fictional character?	  Frankie Baldwin is the parent of the fictional character Zoe Hart from the television show Hart of Dixie.
1220	what is the name of the language dialect of romanian?	  The language dialect of Romanian is Daco-Romanian.
1221	which is the largest unit of radioactivity in becquerels?	  The largest unit of radioactivity is the terabecquerel (TBq), which is equal to 1,000,000,000,000 becquerels (1,000 gigabecquerels).
1222	who is the owner of the radio station kpur?	  The radio station KPUR is owned by the University of Texas at Arlington.
1223	which tv season has the same rating as rock n' roll stories, season 1?	  Rock n' Roll Stories, Season 1 has a rating of 8.2/10 on IMDb.
1224	which video game, in diablo series, is designed by josh mosqueira?	  Diablo III: Reaper of Souls is designed by Josh Mosqueira.
1225	warcraft iii: the frozen throne was design by what video game designer?	  Rob Pardo was the lead designer for Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne.
1226	name which measurement system has the magnetic flux units wb.	  The International System of Units (SI) has the magnetic flux unit of weber (Wb).
1227	the election campaign of huffman is a part of what primary election?	  Huffman's election campaign is part of the United States primary election process.
1228	what is the unit of substance that has the most amount in moles?	  The unit of substance with the most amount in moles is Avogadro's number (6.022x10^23).
1229	highland community college and cope middle school have what as their mascots?	  Highland Community College's mascot is the Cougar, and Cope Middle School's mascot is the Falcon.
1230	what unit does the international system of units use to measure magnetic flux density?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the tesla (symbol T) to measure magnetic flux density.
1231	what is the measurement unit of power that uses the system henries?	  The measurement unit of power that uses the system henries is the henry (H).
1232	how many units of length are there in the burmese units of measurement?	  There are seven units of length in the Burmese units of measurement: taung, yin, thit, htwet, thaung, kyat, and pya.
1233	what video game distribution system has a payment system of usd?	  Steam is a popular video game distribution system that uses USD as its payment system.
1234	in the english units, how many different units of length are there?	  There are nine different units of length in the English system: inches, feet, yards, miles, furlongs, rods, chains, fathoms, and nautical miles.
1235	what is the total number of spacecrafts manufactured by the applied physics laboratory and us naval research laboratory	  The Applied Physics Laboratory and the US Naval Research Laboratory have not manufactured any spacecrafts.
1236	series concarolinas has what conference subject?	  ConCarolinas is a multi-genre fan convention that focuses primarily on science fiction, fantasy, and horror. It also includes other genres such as anime, gaming, comics, and costuming.
1237	what museum is mohamed abdel hamid shimy the director of?	  Mohamed Abdel Hamid Shimy is the director of the Egyptian Museum in Cairo, Egypt.
1238	which is the wine that belongs to county of contra costa wines, has 14.9 percentage of alcohol?	  The wine that belongs to Contra Costa County and has 14.9% alcohol is the 2017 Contra Costa County Cabernet Sauvignon.
1239	what arrangement is included by the arrangement with the latest date of completion?	  The arrangement with the latest date of completion will include any specific instructions, terms, and conditions that have been agreed upon by both parties. This could include payment terms, the scope of work, deadlines, and any other relevant details.
1240	maturity onset diabetes of the young and related conditions are treated by which specialty of medical providers?	  Maturity onset diabetes of the young and related conditions are typically treated by a team of medical providers, including endocrinologists, primary care physicians, and diabetes educators.
1241	in 3dtv, which conveys depth perception to the user, is compatible with which video games?	  3DTV is compatible with any video game that supports 3D gaming. Some popular 3D video games include Super Mario 3D World, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Minecraft, and Splatoon 2.
1242	which video game has the version of terminator 2: judgment day?	  Terminator 2: Judgment Day - The Arcade Game, released in 1991, is the video game version of the movie.
1243	the unit of fuel economy which is in litres per kilometre and is less than 1.0 are which?	  The unit of fuel economy which is in litres per kilometre and is less than 1.0 is litres per 100 kilometres (L/100km).
1244	the international system of units defines which unit as the way to measure radioactivity?	  The international system of units defines the Becquerel (Bq) as the unit of measurement for radioactivity.
1245	which computer does xerox design?	  Xerox designs a wide range of computer products, including printers, scanners, copiers, fax machines, and multifunction devices. They also offer a range of software solutions for document management, workflow automation, and cloud-based services.
1246	what is the last day of the year?	  The last day of the year is December 31st.
1247	electronic entertainment expo is a series on which subject?	  Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) is an annual trade show for the video game industry. It is organized by the Entertainment Software Association and is used to showcase upcoming video game titles and hardware.
1248	what measurement system uses radians per second squared as a unit of angular acceleration?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses radians per second squared (rad/s2) as a unit of angular acceleration.
1249	which wine has vintage at 1986-01-01t00:00:00z?	  The 1986 vintage of Château Haut-Brion, a Bordeaux blend from the Graves region of France, is one of the most highly sought after wines from that year.
1250	what film director weighs the most?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it is impossible to know the weight of every film director.
1251	the wii ware is the distribution channel for which video game version?	  WiiWare is a distribution channel for downloadable video games and applications for the Nintendo Wii video game console. It was launched on March 25, 2008, and is available in all regions where the Wii is available.
1252	which comic books character that appeared in along came a spider did judd winick create?	  Judd Winick created the character of Ben Reilly, also known as the Scarlet Spider, who appeared in the "Along Came a Spider" storyline in the Spider-Man comics.
1253	what type of railways are in the renfe operadora?	  Renfe Operadora is the national railway company of Spain and operates a variety of railway services, including high-speed AVE trains, regional trains, and commuter and suburban trains.
1254	what video game versions were released in worldwide?	  There are too many video game versions released worldwide to list. Some of the more popular versions include: Xbox, PlayStation, Nintendo Switch, PC, iOS, and Android.
1255	which locomotive class has 1600.0 gauge (mm)?	  The 1600.0 mm gauge is used by the Russian Railways (RZD) and is known as the Russian Broad Gauge. The most common locomotive class used on this gauge is the TEP70BS.
1256	embarcadero is the language used to write which software?	  Embarcadero is a software development company that produces programming languages, such as Delphi, C++ Builder, and RAD Studio. These languages are used to develop applications for Windows, macOS, iOS, Android, and Linux.
1257	what drug formulation uses pumpkin as an active ingredient?	  Pumpkin seed oil is a popular formulation ingredient used to treat various health conditions, such as benign prostatic hyperplasia, irritable bowel syndrome, and bladder issues. It is also used as an anti-inflammatory and antioxidant agent.
1258	of bipropellant rocket engines, which has the smallest chamber pressure?	  The smallest chamber pressure of a bipropellant rocket engine is typically around 8 to 10 atmospheres (about 8 to 10 times the atmospheric pressure at sea level).
1259	what is the name of the ability that is shared by superman/clark kent and batman/bruce wayne?	  Super-human strength.
1260	what type of railways are in the lisbon cascais railway?	  The Lisbon Cascais Railway is a single-track, non-electrified railway line.
1261	how many exhibitions are produced by gasworks gallery?	  Gasworks Gallery produces around 8 exhibitions a year.
1262	the conference oscon 2013 has a conference venue that is associated with what conference?	  The O'Reilly Open Source Convention (OSCON) is an annual convention for the discussion of free and open source software.
1263	name the musical release that has the components of foundation ska (disc 2).	  The Skatalites - Foundation Ska (Disc 2)
1264	in terms of bits per second, what unit of data transmission rate exceeds 1e+12?	  A petabit per second (Pbps) is a unit of data transmission rate that exceeds 1e+12 bits per second.
1265	what is the occupation of comedians?	  Comedians are typically professional entertainers who specialize in making audiences laugh by performing stand-up comedy, improv, sketch comedy, or other comedic acts.
1266	what theater producer is the heaviest?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as there is no definitive list of theater producers, and weight is a subjective measure.
1267	what temperament does the german shepherd dogs breed have?	  The German Shepherd Dog breed has a loyal, confident, and courageous temperament. They are highly intelligent and trainable, making them excellent working dogs. They are also known for their strong protective instincts and can be quite aloof and reserved around strangers.
1268	gram per cubic centimetre is the density units for which system of measurement?	  The system of measurement is the International System of Units (SI).
1269	arc system works published what video game version?	  The original version of the Pac-Man Arcarde game was released in 1980.
1270	what are halliwell and snoopy dog's jobs?	  Halliwell and Snoopy Dog do not have jobs. Halliwell is a fictional character from the British television show Charmed, while Snoopy is a fictional beagle from the comic strip Peanuts.
1271	name the unit of speed which in meters per second is 0.27778.	  Meters per second (m/s)
1272	mercedes-benz w168 occurs on what platform?	  The Mercedes-Benz W168 is a compact car that was produced by Mercedes-Benz between 1997 and 2004. It was based on the A-Class platform, which was introduced in 1997.
1273	what is the name of the unit of mass that is associated with a measurement system that is the measurement system of microfarad?	  The unit of mass associated with the measurement system of microfarad is the Microgram (μg).
1274	sonic the hedgehog 2 is what version of video game?	  Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a 1992 platform game developed and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis console.
1275	which bipropellant rocket engine has a chamber pressure of less than 257.0 and uses an oxidizer of lox?	  The Merlin 1D Vacuum engine, manufactured by SpaceX, has a chamber pressure of less than 257.0 and uses liquid oxygen (LOX) as an oxidizer.
1276	the village bike was produced by what theater private company limited by shares?	  The Village Bike was produced by the Royal Court Theatre, a not-for-profit theatre company based in London.
1277	name the unit of length in dutch units of measurement.	  Meter.
1278	what is the aircraft model with the maximum wingspan?	  The Hughes H-4 Hercules, also known as the "Spruce Goose," has the longest wingspan of any aircraft ever built, at 320 feet.
1279	romanian units of measurement is the unit of length in what?	  The Romanian unit of length is the Metru (m).
1280	who is the producer of a radio program on mental disorder?	  This will depend on the specific radio program you are asking about. The producer should be listed in the credits or on the program's website.
1281	the il turco in italia opera has how many librettists?	  The Il Turco in Italia opera has two librettists: Felice Romani and Gioachino Rossini.
1282	featured by snuk describes how many musical albums?	  Snuk's music features a variety of genres, including hip-hop, pop, R&B, and rock. He has released two studio albums, two extended plays, and numerous singles.
1283	what are the rail gauges for the locomotive class of british rail class 50?	  The British Rail Class 50 locomotives ran on standard gauge track with a gauge of 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in).
1284	which unit of volumetric heat capacity equals to 1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin?	  The unit of volumetric heat capacity is joules per cubic meter per kelvin (J/m3K).
1285	which software is written in java script?	  Some popular software written in JavaScript include Node.js, React, Angular, Vue.js, and Electron. There are also many web applications written in JavaScript such as Gmail, Google Maps, and Facebook.
1286	in the international system of units, what unit is used to measure absorbed dose?	  The unit used to measure absorbed dose in the international system of units is the gray (Gy).
1287	what are the status of websites owned by wolfram research?	  The websites owned by Wolfram Research are generally in good standing. The websites are regularly updated with new content, and the company works hard to ensure that the sites are secure and running smoothly.
1288	the measurement system as kelvins also uses what units of energy?	  Kelvins use the unit of energy Joules (J).
1289	the charm antiquark is of the same family of particles as what other subatomic particle?	  The charm antiquark is of the same family of particles as the strange quark.
1290	how many video game distribution system does x360 support?	  The Xbox 360 supports two video game distribution systems: Xbox Live and Games on Demand.
1291	the specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram is part of which specific measurement system?	  The specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram is part of the International System of Units (SI) measurement system.
1292	both exile and starship command were designed by what video game designer?	  The video game designer behind both Exile and Starship Command is Jeff McCord.
1293	what is the tropical cyclone category that has the maximum wind speed (gust) of less than 279.0 and has the same beaufort force as super typhoon (jtwc)?	  Category 5 Hurricane, with wind speeds of up to 250 mph (403 km/h).
1294	the expert is licensed by which software?	  The type of software that an expert is licensed by depends on the type of expertise they possess. For example, a software engineer might be licensed by a software development platform, such as Microsoft Visual Studio, while a graphic designer might be licensed by a graphic design program, such as Adobe Photoshop.
1295	what is the episode of a radio program whose artist is glenn?	  This is impossible to answer without more information. The episode of a radio program depends on the specific program, the date the episode aired, and other factors.
1296	which order of chivalry best fits the category of monarchical order?	  The Order of the Garter is the oldest and most prestigious order of chivalry in the United Kingdom and is awarded by the British monarch.
1297	on 2014-05-01 what computer was introduced?	  The Apple Macbook Pro with Retina Display was introduced on May 1, 2014.
1298	1946 was the final broadcast of what radio program?	  The Lux Radio Theatre.
1299	bar is at what hotel?	  The W Hotel in Union Square, New York City, has a rooftop bar called Whiskey Blue.
1300	what is the name of the golf course that has the facility of beechtree golf club?	  The Beechtree Golf Club is located in Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
1301	how many collectable items are there in t206?	  There are 524 different collectable items in the T206 baseball card set.
1302	what ethnicity of people do speak powhatan language?	  The Powhatan language is an extinct language that was spoken by the Powhatan people, a Native American tribe of the Eastern Algonquian language family.
1303	name what density unit has 1.0 as amperes per square meter.	  The density unit with 1.0 as amperes per square meter is the Ampere per square meter (A/m²).
1304	the khuzdul language was created by whom?	  The Khuzdul language was created by J.R.R. Tolkien for his Middle-earth universe.
1305	the measurement system which has radians per second includes which unit of charge?	  The measurement system which has radians per second does not include a unit of charge. Radians per second is a measure of angular velocity, which is the rate of change of angle with respect to time.
1306	how many film directors come from the serbia and montenegro?	  It is not possible to provide an exact answer to this question without more information.
1307	which radio programs focus on schubert theatre?	  There are no radio programs that focus specifically on the Schubert Theatre. However, there are a number of radio programs that feature theater-related topics, including Broadway shows, theater reviews, and interviews with theater professionals.
1308	short non-fiction of state's raw food law half-baked, chefs say is part of which short non-fiction variety?	  This would be an example of a narrative non-fiction article. Narrative non-fiction is a form of writing that combines factual information with storytelling to create an engaging and informative piece. It often includes interviews, anecdotes, and other elements of storytelling to provide readers with an in-depth look at the topic being discussed.
1309	which beaufort wind force is associated with a maximum wind speed of 11.0?	  Beaufort Wind Force 4, which is associated with a maximum wind speed of 11.0 mph.
1310	pulse racer falls under what video game genre?	  Racing/Driving.
1311	a part of the journeyman project was designed by which video game designer?	  The Journeyman Project was designed by Rand Miller and Robyn Miller.
1312	please identify the unit of acceleration that has the smallest acceleration when measured in meters per second squared.	  Millimeters per second squared (mm/s2) is the unit of acceleration with the smallest acceleration when measured in meters per second squared.
1313	what is the standard international system of units measurement of wave number for electromagnetic fields?	  The standard international system of units measurement of wave number for electromagnetic fields is m-1.
1314	which place the amusement ride located in universal studios florida?	  The amusement ride is located in Universal Studios Florida in Orlando, Florida.
1315	the roller coaster with more that 4 inversions in constructed out of what material?	  Most modern roller coasters are constructed out of steel.
1316	which unit of inductance represents 1.0 inductance in henries?	  1 henry.
1317	what do you call the unit of time in non-si units mentioned in the si	  The non-SI unit of time mentioned in the SI is the minute.
1318	find the smallest possible unit of resistivity.	  The smallest possible unit of resistivity is the Ohm-meter (Ω-m).
1319	what unit of plane angle is a measurement system with surface density units of kilogram per square metre?	  The unit of plane angle is radian (rad).
1320	the diggnation is what media type or format?	  Diggnation is a weekly video podcast created by Kevin Rose and Alex Albrecht. It is a combination of tech news, commentary, and comedy.
1321	international system of units can be used to measure what?	  The International System of Units (SI) can be used to measure length, mass, time, temperature, electric current, luminous intensity, amount of substance, and many other physical quantities.
1322	what rocket engines can thrust 813400.0?	  SpaceX Falcon Heavy Rocket.
1323	the developer of metal max developed which video game version?	  Metal Max is a series of post-apocalyptic role-playing video games developed by Crea-Tech and published by Kadokawa Games. The first game in the series, Metal Max, was released in 1991 for the Nintendo Famicom.
1324	what is the unit of conductivity current used by the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of conductivity current used by the measurement system of the International System of Units (SI) is the siemens per meter (S/m).
1325	yoctosecond is used as a luminance unit by which measurement system?	  The yoctosecond is used as a luminance unit by the International System of Units (SI).
1326	rob elam designed what video game?	  Rob Elam is best known for designing the classic arcade game, "Defender."
1327	name the unit of data transmission rate with the smallest rate in bits per second.	  The smallest rate of data transmission in bits per second is 1 bps (bit per second).
1328	the ios app store gave what video game rating?	  The iOS App Store does not rate video games. Ratings are determined by the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB).
1329	in which country was the video game highly responsive to prayers released?	  The video game Highly Responsive to Prayers was released in Japan in 1987.
1330	what was the earliest completed composition?	  The earliest completed composition is believed to be a piece of music called "Hurrian Hymn No. 6," which dates back to approximately 1400 BC.
1331	what are the status of websites owned by barstool sports?	  The status of websites owned by Barstool Sports vary depending on the website. The majority of Barstool Sports websites are currently active and functioning. However, some of their websites, such as Barstool U, have been discontinued.
1332	order of australia has what order of chivalry?	  The Order of Australia is not a chivalric order, but rather an order of merit. Chivalric orders are typically awarded by a monarch or sovereign head of state, while the Order of Australia is awarded by the Governor-General of Australia on behalf of the Australian people.
1333	what is the name of the mountain that was first ascended by nicholas clinch?	  Mount Washington in New Hampshire.
1334	in the measurement system international system of units what is the unit of frequency?	  The unit of frequency in the International System of Units (SI) is hertz (Hz).
1335	what is the class of ship that has a maximum speed of 32.0?	  The class of ship that has a maximum speed of 32.0 knots is a destroyer escort.
1336	what are examples of rivers that are located in kyrgyz republic?	  1. Naryn River 2. Chatkal River 3. Kara Darya River 4. Sary Darya River 5. Chu River 6. Talas River 7. Kekemeren River 8. Kara-Kulja River 9. Kara-Keche River 10. Ili River
1337	381.0 is the minimum width allotted to what rail gauge?	  The minimum width allotted to the standard gauge rail gauge is 1435 mm (4 feet 8 1/2 inches).
1338	who is the oldest architect?	  The oldest architect known by name is Imhotep, who is believed to have lived in Egypt around 2600 BC.
1339	what conference event has a conference venue that is associated with a conference e3 2011?	  E3 2011 was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
1340	what are uses for imperial system and united states customary units?	  Imperial system and United States customary units are used to measure length, weight, volume, temperature, and other physical quantities. They are used in many everyday activities such as measuring ingredients in a recipe, calculating the size of a room, and determining the temperature of a room. They are also used in engineering, construction, and other scientific fields.
1341	the quotations of consciously or unconsciously, every one of us does render some service or other. if we cultivate the habit of doing this service deliberately, our desire for service will steadily grow stronger, and will make, not only our own happiness, but that of the world at large. is from which quotation subject?	  The quotation is from Mahatma Gandhi's famous quote, "The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others."
1342	which hotel brand is owned by hyatt hotel?	  Hyatt Hotels Corporation owns the Hyatt Hotels & Resorts brand.
1343	defrag uses what kind of video game engine?	  Defrag does not use a video game engine. It is a computer program designed to optimize hard drive performance by rearranging fragmented data.
1344	the radio format of wqrw is what?	  WQRW is a Country music radio station, so its radio format is Country music.
1345	which measurement system has the volumetric flow rate units of cubic meters per second?	  The metric system has volumetric flow rate units of cubic meters per second.
1346	in what countries is the version developed by nintendo co. ltd. and distributed through virtual console released?	  Nintendo Co. Ltd. has released its Virtual Console versions in Japan, North America, Europe, and Australia.
1347	what is the shortest track by hannu lepisto?	  The shortest track by Hannu Lepistö is "Kesäyö" which clocks in at 3:30.
1348	under the international system of units what is the measure for a unit of permeability?	  The measure for a unit of permeability under the International System of Units (SI) is the henry per meter (H/m).
1349	who is the founder of the organization that is the parent organization of mr. linderman?	  The parent organization of Mr. Linderman is the American Red Cross, and its founder is Clara Barton.
1350	how many computing platforms support opw?	  OPW is supported on a variety of computing platforms, including Linux, Windows, Mac, and Android.
1351	the unit of luminous flux in international system of units is what	  The unit of luminous flux in the International System of Units (SI) is the lumen (lm).
1352	which locomotive class has the maximum speed of 100.0?	  The fastest locomotive class with a maximum speed of 100.0 mph is the AEM-7.
1353	who was responsible for designing the slowest roller coaster at disneyland california?	  The slowest roller coaster at Disneyland California is the King Arthur Carrousel, designed by Charles W. Parker in 1875.
1354	in the international system of units what unit of data transmission rate is in bits per second of less than 1e+09?	  The unit of data transmission rate in bits per second (bps) of less than 1e+09 is kilobits per second (kbps).
1355	which conference event has a focus on meme?	  There does not appear to be any conference events that have a specific focus on memes. However, there are conferences that discuss the cultural and sociological implications of memes and their impact on society.
1356	what has been influenced by x-com: terror from the deep?	  X-COM: Terror from the Deep has had a huge influence on many aspects of gaming. It has inspired a variety of spin-off titles, such as XCOM: Enemy Unknown, XCOM 2, and XCOM: Chimera Squad. It has also influenced the tactical turn-based RPG genre, with games like Fallout Tactics, Jagged Alliance, and Valkyria Chronicles taking cues from X-COM's combat system. Finally, it has inspired a variety of sci-fi themed strategy games, such as the Endless Space series and the Homeworld franchise.
1357	what is the name of an adaption that was adapted from witness for the prosecution?	  The Witness for the Prosecution is a 2016 British television film adaptation of the Agatha Christie play of the same name.
1358	what video game version does terminator 2: judgment day belong to?	  Terminator 2: Judgment Day does not belong to a video game version. It is a 1991 American science fiction action film, directed by James Cameron, and the sequel to the 1984 film The Terminator.
1359	what is the genome of the gene on chromosome 6 (human)?	  The exact genome of a gene on chromosome 6 in humans is not known because the entire human genome has not been completely mapped yet.
1360	what time zome has a dst offset from utc and is more than 1.0?	  The time zone that has a DST offset from UTC and is more than 1.0 is Central European Summer Time (CEST), which is 2 hours ahead of UTC.
1361	how many characters are depicted on the cover of alpha flight issue #106?	  There are six characters depicted on the cover of Alpha Flight issue #106.
1362	9/11 memorial has what radio program?	  The 9/11 Memorial does not have a radio program. However, it does have a podcast series called "Voices of 9/11" which features interviews with people who experienced the events of September 11, 2001.
1363	the translation la condicion humana is attributed to what translated work?	  The translation "La Condicion Humana" is attributed to the Spanish translation of the French existentialist novel "La Nausée" (Nausea) by Jean-Paul Sartre.
1364	what configuration of pistons has 12 or more pistons?	  A 12-cylinder engine has 12 pistons. A 16-cylinder engine has 16 pistons.
1365	what sport has cristina cini as an official?	  Cristina Cini is an Italian professional football referee. She has officiated in the Serie A Women's league, the Coppa Italia Women's, the UEFA Women's Champions League, and the FIFA Women's World Cup.
1366	identify a video game developer who is the developer of a video game mod that uses quake 3 engine.	  id Software. id Software is a video game developer that is best known for creating the Quake series, including Quake 3. They are also the developer of the popular Quake 3 engine, which has been used to create several popular mods, such as Urban Terror, Action Quake 2, and Open Arena.
1367	what is the name of the video game developer that developed a video game mod that uses the game engine source?	  Valve Corporation is the developer of the Source game engine and the popular video game mod, Counter-Strike.
1368	what measurement system uses ell as a unit?	  The Imperial system of measurement, also known as the British Imperial system, uses the ell as a unit of measurement.
1369	name of the video game rating system has a content descriptor of blood and gore?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) uses the content descriptor "Blood and Gore" to rate video games.
1370	northfield railway line is included in which rail network?	  The Northfield Railway Line is part of the West Midlands Railway network in the United Kingdom.
1371	what is the measurement system ampere per square metre of the current density unit?	  The measurement system for the current density unit of ampere per square metre is the SI system.
1372	which rail gauge has a minimum width smaller than 1067.0?	  The minimum width of the 600mm narrow gauge railway is 1000mm.
1373	which video game compilation includes halo iii?	  The Halo: The Master Chief Collection includes Halo III.
1374	which is the heaviest film director?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it is subjective.
1375	what is the name for the imperial system of length?	  The imperial system of length is also known as the British Imperial system or the Imperial units.
1376	how many spacecrafts did national aeronautic and space administration and esa make?	  NASA and ESA have jointly launched more than 100 spacecrafts.
1377	what locomotive classes are a part of gwr pyracmon class?	  The GWR Pyracmon Class was a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotives designed by George Jackson Churchward for the Great Western Railway. The class was made up of two sub-classes: the 'Old' Pyracmon Class, built between 1904 and 1908, and the 'New' Pyracmon Class, built between 1910 and 1912.
1378	which unit of data transmission rate has a maximum rate in bits per second?	  The unit of data transmission rate with the highest maximum rate is Gigabits per second (Gbps), which has a maximum rate of 10,000,000,000 bits per second.
1379	in becquerels which unit of radioactivity is the largest?	  The largest unit of radioactivity is the curie (Ci). One curie is equivalent to 3.7 x 10^10 becquerels.
1380	which conference event has a focus on how-to?	  A workshop or tutorial event typically has a focus on how-to.
1381	what is the video game mod for source?	  The Source engine is a 3D game engine developed by Valve Corporation and is the successor to the GoldSrc engine. The Source engine is most famous for powering the Half-Life, Portal, and Left 4 Dead series of games. It is also used in many other games, such as Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Team Fortress 2, and Dota 2.  Source engine mods are modifications to the Source engine that allow users to change the game in various ways, such as adding new content, changing gameplay mechanics, or modifying the visuals. Popular Source engine mods include Garry's Mod, Counter-Strike: Source, and Day of Defeat: Source.
1382	which fossil specimen is found at swartkrans?	  At Swartkrans, fossil specimens of the early human species Australopithecus robustus have been found.
1383	dice los angeles created which video game engine?	  The Unity 3D game engine was created by Unity Technologies in Los Angeles.
1384	who published the video game professor pac-man?	  The video game Professor Pac-Man was developed and published by Bally Midway in 1982.
1385	which film costumer designer weighs the most?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the weight of film costume designers can vary greatly.
1386	what digital cameras have an lcd screen resolution of 921000.0?	  The Nikon Coolpix P900, Nikon D750, and Canon EOS 6D Mark II all have an LCD screen resolution of 921000.0.
1387	how many number of religions practice home schooling?	  There is no one definitive answer to this question as there is no single definition of what constitutes a religion. However, many different religious groups practice home schooling, including Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist, and other faith-based groups.
1388	which conference series focuses on ieee visualization?	  The IEEE Visualization Conference is the premier international forum for advances in visualization. It focuses on the use of computer graphics, scientific visualization, information visualization, and related techniques for abstract, analytical, and intuitive understanding of data.
1389	which season has the most episodes?	  The season with the most episodes is usually the season that is currently airing. Each season typically has between 20-25 episodes.
1390	which lake has the number of islands (approx.) of 1600 ?	  Lake of the Woods in Ontario, Canada, is estimated to have approximately 1,600 islands.
1391	what amount of video game distribution system does 3ds support?	  The Nintendo 3DS supports a wide variety of video game distribution systems, including physical media, digital downloads, and streaming services. Physical media includes game cards, cartridges, and discs. Digital downloads include the Nintendo eShop, Nintendo's official online store, as well as third-party digital stores such as the PlayStation Store and Xbox Live. Streaming services include Netflix, Hulu, and YouTube.
1392	which video game expansions exist on the ps1?	  Some of the most popular PlayStation 1 (PS1) game expansions include: Final Fantasy VII: International, Resident Evil 2: Dual Shock Edition, Tekken 3: Special Edition, Gran Turismo 2: Arcade Mode, Metal Gear Solid: VR Missions, and Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2: Expansion Pack.
1393	which hadron has a electric charge greater than 1.0?	  The Delta++ particle has an electric charge of +2.
1394	can you tell me the unit of cubic meters?	  Cubic meters (m3) is a unit of volume.
1395	what kind of content do the producer of taylor made piano: a jazz history and northwest public radio produce?	  The producer of Taylor Made Piano: A Jazz History produces a podcast that focuses on the history of jazz piano and its influence on popular music. Northwest Public Radio produces a variety of content, including news, music, and public affairs programming.
1396	181-thebox - 32kbps stream contains what type of content?	  The 32kbps stream contains audio content.
1397	what is the newest electric locomotive class?	  The newest electric locomotive class is the Bombardier TRAXX AC3, which is a multi-system locomotive designed for use in Europe. It is capable of operating on multiple power systems, including AC, DC, and 3-phase AC. The locomotive is equipped with a modern, lightweight design and advanced features, such as regenerative braking and intelligent traction control.
1398	what unit has the lowest pressure in pascals?	  The picopascal (pPa) has the lowest pressure in pascals, with a value of one trillionth of a pascal (10^-12 pascals).
1399	gumball machine has how many collectable items?	  The number of collectible items in a gumball machine varies depending on the type of machine and the type of gumballs or other items it dispenses. Some machines may have as few as two collectible items, while others may have many more.
1400	where is the version developed by frontier developments and distributed through wii ware released?	  Frontier Developments' version of the game was released exclusively on WiiWare.
1401	which video game engine is used for savage 2: a tortured soul?	  The game engine used for Savage 2: A Tortured Soul is the Vision Engine from Vision Engines AG.
1402	what measurement system uses micro per degree f as it inverse temperature units?	  The Kelvin scale uses micro per degree Fahrenheit as its inverse temperature units.
1403	what time zone has a dst difference of more than 9.0 from utc?	  The Chatham Islands Time Zone (UTC+12:45) has a Daylight Savings Time (DST) difference of more than 9.0 from UTC.
1404	what file type does ms internet explorer? read?	  Microsoft Internet Explorer can read HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XML, and other web-based file types.
1405	which locomotive has the most number of construction completed?	  The most number of construction completed is the EMD GP40, with over 1,500 units built.
1406	name the medical trial that spotted fevers has been tested for.	  The medical trial that has been tested for spotting fevers is called FeverScan.
1407	castlevania series was designed by what video game designer?	  Konami's Koji Igarashi.
1408	taldren developed what video games?	  Taldren developed several video games, including Star Trek: Starfleet Academy, Star Trek: Starfleet Command, Star Trek: Bridge Commander, Star Trek: Klingon Academy, and Star Trek: Armada.
1409	fda otc monograph part 354 is part of what drug form?	  OTC Monograph Part 354 is part of the Topical Antifungal Drug Products drug form.
1410	name the video game version that supports peripheral class 3dtv.	  The PlayStation 4 (PS4) is the only video game console that supports peripheral class 3DTV.
1411	where is the genomic locus in chromosome 5?	  The genomic locus in chromosome 5 is located between base pairs 118,072,867 and 118,176,919.
1412	petasecond was used as a luminance unit in what measurement system?	  The petasecond was used as a luminance unit in the CGS (centimeter-gram-second) measurement system.
1413	los angeles convention center shares a conference series with what conference event?	  The Los Angeles Convention Center shares its conference series with the Los Angeles Auto Show.
1414	how many people contributed to the design of onimusha 3 - j-side video game soundtrack?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the credits for the soundtrack are not listed publicly. However, it is known that the soundtrack was composed by Hideki Okugawa, who is credited as the main composer.
1415	the measurement system that uses the ohm centimeter uses what unit of area?	  The ohm centimeter measurement system uses the square centimeter (cm2) unit of area.
1416	which stars has the mass of 10.25?	  There are no stars with a mass of 10.25 solar masses. The closest stars to this mass are the red dwarf stars Proxima Centauri and Barnard's Star, which both have a mass of about 0.12 solar masses.
1417	which organism has a height larger than3.048?	  Humans.
1418	1958 was the final broadcast of what radio program?	  The Lone Ranger
1419	find video games developed by axcho.	  Axcho is a game development studio based in Los Angeles, California. They have developed a variety of games for both mobile and desktop platforms.  Their current games include:  - WordTangle (iOS/Android) - WordTangle Pro (iOS/Android) - WordTangle Adventure (iOS/Android) - WordTangle Puzzle (iOS/Android) - WordTangle Rush (iOS/Android) - WordTangle Solitaire (iOS/Android) - WordTangle Free (iOS/Android) - WordTangle Challenge (iOS/Android) - WordTangle Match (iOS/Android) - WordTangle Deluxe (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 2 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 3 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 4 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 5 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 6 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 7 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 8 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 9 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 10 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 11 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 12 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 13 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 14 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 15 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 16 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 17 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 18 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 19 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 20 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 21 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 22 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 23 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 24 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 25 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 26 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 27 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 28 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 29 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 30 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 31 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 32 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 33 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 34 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 35 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 36 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 37 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 38 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 39 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 40 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 41 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 42 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 43 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 44 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 45 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 46 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 47 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 48 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 49 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 50 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 51 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 52 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 53 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 54 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 55 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 56 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 57 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 58 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 59 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 60 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 61 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 62 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 63 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 64 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 65 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 66 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 67 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 68 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 69 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 70 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 71 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 72 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 73 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 74 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 75 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 76 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 77 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 78 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 79 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 80 (iOS/Android) - WordTangle 81 (iOS
1420	name the measurement system that uses newton per metre as a surface tension unit.	  The SI unit system uses newton per metre (N/m) as a unit of surface tension.
1421	what is the conference subject of kiwi pycon 2011?	  The conference subject of Kiwi PyCon 2011 was "Python for the Web".
1422	which theatrical composer is fatter than 52.0 kilograms?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as there is no set weight for any theatrical composer. However, some composers who may be considered to be heavier than 52.0 kilograms include Stephen Sondheim, Andrew Lloyd Webber, Leonard Bernstein, and Marvin Hamlisch.
1423	which music artist was helped by beyoncé knowles?	  Beyoncé has helped many artists over the years, including J. Cole, Frank Ocean, and Kanye West.
1424	which measurement system is newtons an angular velocity unit under?	  Newtons is an angular velocity unit under the International System of Units (SI).
1425	what are the names of the radio program episodes featuring second sunday?	  1. "Second Sunday: A Look at the History of Black Churches" 2. "Second Sunday: Exploring the Role of the Black Church in the Community" 3. "Second Sunday: Celebrating the Contributions of Black Churches" 4. "Second Sunday: Examining the Impact of Black Churches on African American Lives" 5. "Second Sunday: Exploring the Legacy of Black Churches" 6. "Second Sunday: The Role of the Black Church in the 21st Century" 7. "Second Sunday: Exploring the Role of the Black Church in Social Justice" 8. "Second Sunday: Examining the Impact of the Black Church on Education" 9. "Second Sunday: Exploring the Role of the Black Church in Civic Engagement" 10. "Second Sunday: Celebrating the Contributions of the Black Church to the Nation"
1426	what radio program's last broadcast was on 03/25/2010?	  The radio program that had its last broadcast on 03/25/2010 is not known.
1427	what are the locomotives of class british rail class 332?	  The locomotives of British Rail Class 332 are: * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/0 * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/1 * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/2 * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/3 * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/4 * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/5 * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/6 * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/7 * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/8 * Siemens Desiro City Class 332/9
1428	what is the subject of the documentary photography type exhibition?	  The subject of the documentary photography type exhibition could be anything from a particular place or culture, to a particular event or issue. It could also be a portrait series or a series of photographs that tell a story.
1429	what is the unit of area measurement for international system of units?	  The unit of area measurement for the International System of Units (SI) is the square meter (m2).
1430	which organism has a height larger than1.5?	  Many organisms have a height larger than 1.5, including humans, giraffes, elephants, and trees.
1431	which rail gauge has the least possible width smaller than 1067.0?	  The narrowest rail gauge is 600 mm (23.622 in), which is smaller than 1067.0 mm (42.008 in).
1432	alstom builds how many electric locomotive classes?	  Alstom has built over 50 different classes of electric locomotives for customers around the world.
1433	the maximum amount of moles is what unit?	  Moles are a unit of measurement for the amount of a substance, so the maximum amount of moles would not be a unit.
1434	italian republic participated in which multi-event tournaments?	  The Italian Republic has participated in many multi-event tournaments, including the Summer and Winter Olympic Games, the Mediterranean Games, the European Athletics Championships, the World Athletics Championships, the World Cup of Athletics, the IAAF World Indoor Championships, the IAAF World Cross Country Championships, the European Cross Country Championships, the European Cup, the European Athletics Indoor Championships, the European Team Championships, the European Youth Olympic Festival, the World Youth Championships in Athletics, the European U23 Championships, the European U20 Championships, the European U18 Championships, the European Junior Championships, and the European Throwing Cup.
1435	what conference event has a conference venue associated with the e3 2011 conference?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) 2011 was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
1436	the health care is an academic department in what field of study?	  Health care is an interdisciplinary field of study that includes aspects of medicine, public health, policy, economics, and social sciences.
1437	which video game rating includes the content descriptor of language?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) rating system includes the content descriptor of language.
1438	in terms of newtown what unit of force is the biggest?	  The newton (N) is the SI unit of force and is the largest unit of force.
1439	human genome build 36.2 was built by who?	  The International Human Genome Sequencing Consortium (IHGSC) was responsible for the sequencing and assembly of the human genome build 36.2.
1440	in international system of units, what unit is used to measure surface density?	  The unit used to measure surface density in the International System of Units (SI) is kilograms per square meter (kg/m2).
1441	whats the locomotive class with a weight of 129.0?	  The locomotive class with a weight of 129.0 is the EMD GP40.
1442	anime is the subject of what conference series?	  The Anime Expo is the largest annual anime and manga convention in North America.
1443	where is the cambridge terriers located?	  The Cambridge Terriers are a semi-professional football club based in Cambridge, England.
1444	the czecho-slovakia has how many breeds of dogs that has the same temperament as the cairn terriers?	  Unfortunately, there is no definitive answer to this question as temperament is subjective and can vary greatly between individual dogs of the same breed.
1445	california’s 71st state assembly district election, 2008 is the follow-on election for what primary election?	  The 2008 California 71st State Assembly District election was the result of the June 2008 primary election.
1446	joule per kilogram is the unit of energy in which system of measurement?	  The joule per kilogram is a unit of energy in the International System of Units (SI).
1447	2008 feudi di san gregorio falanghina sannio portrays what style?	  Falanghina Sannio is a white Italian wine made in the Campania region of southern Italy. It is a crisp and aromatic wine, typically made in a dry style.
1448	quiverful is a sort of belief of what?	  Quiverful is a belief that couples should have as many children as God gives them, and that children are a blessing from God. It is often associated with conservative Christian beliefs and is a term used within the Christian Patriarchy movement.
1449	what video game is released in 03/23/2006?	  The video game released on 03/23/2006 was Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter for Xbox 360.
1450	the sequel to heroes of the lance, val d'isère ski park manager is what genre video game?	  Val d'Isère Ski Park Manager is a simulation video game.
1451	oakland county child killer is the subject of which broadcast genre of radio programs?	  True crime radio programs.
1452	enrico de nicola founded which order of chivalry?	  Enrico de Nicola founded the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic (OMRI), an Italian order of chivalry established in 1951.
1453	which video game was expansion of gauntlet: the deeper dungeons?	  Gauntlet: The Deeper Dungeons was an expansion to the 1985 arcade game Gauntlet. It was released in 1986.
1454	what bowling pace in cricket has 113 as the max speed?	  The maximum bowling speed for a cricket bowler is 113 km/h, or 70 mph. This is the fastest speed that a bowler can bowl without risking injury.
1455	us president herbert c. hoover had whom as his vice president?	  Herbert C. Hoover had Charles Curtis as his Vice President.
1456	which legislative session has the last start date?	  The 2021 legislative session has the latest start date.
1457	name of the video game rating system has a content descriptor of intense violence?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) has a content descriptor of "Intense Violence" for video games.
1458	what unit of the armed forces came from kingdom of prussia?	  The Prussian Army was the main branch of the military of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1701 to 1919.
1459	which measurement system utilizes watt per square metre per steradian to represent the electric field strength unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) utilizes watt per square metre per steradian to represent the electric field strength unit.
1460	which disney rides opened recently?	  Recent Disney ride openings include Mickey & Minnie's Runaway Railway at Disney's Hollywood Studios, Remy's Ratatouille Adventure at Epcot, and Rise of the Resistance at Disney's Hollywood Studios.
1461	which conference series has the subject wireless network ?	  IEEE Wireless Communications and Networking Conference (WCNC) is a conference series that focuses on wireless networks and communications.
1462	which unit is used for volumetric flow rate in international system of units?	  The unit used for volumetric flow rate in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per second (m3/s).
1463	the drug that is trapezoids shaped is called?	  There is no specific drug that is trapezoids shaped.
1464	the name of the tallest creator is?	  There is no single answer to this question, as there is no definitive tallest creator in the world.
1465	what is a recipe with the shortest preparation time?	  Grilled Cheese Sandwich:  Ingredients: 2 slices of bread 1-2 slices of cheese Butter  Instructions: 1. Heat a skillet over medium heat. 2. Spread a thin layer of butter on one side of each slice of bread. 3. Place one slice of bread, butter side down, in the skillet. 4. Place 1-2 slices of cheese on top of the bread. 5. Place the other slice of bread on top of the cheese, butter side up. 6. Cook until the bottom slice of bread is golden brown, about 2 minutes. 7. Flip the sandwich and cook until the other side is golden brown, about 2 minutes. 8. Serve and enjoy!
1466	tokyu corporation owns a what locomotive?	  The Tokyu Corporation owns the Tokyu 5050 series electric multiple unit (EMU) locomotive.
1467	what is the input method used in a musical game published by activision publishing, inc.?	  The input method used in a musical game published by Activision Publishing, Inc. will depend on the game. Generally, Activision games use a combination of controller buttons, motion controls, and/or touch screen controls.
1468	which computer processor family has a variant of hitachi 6309?	  The Hitachi 6309 processor family is part of the SuperH processor family, which is based on the Hitachi SH-2 and SH-3 architectures.
1469	the sega smash pack and action fighter game were developed by which developer?	  Sega AM2.
1470	what is the shortest recording by hannu lepisto?	  The shortest recording by Hannu Lepistö is a single track entitled "Kesäyö" which runs for 1 minute and 13 seconds.
1471	who built the locomotive classified as south african class 1a 4-8-0?	  The South African Class 1A 4-8-0 locomotive was built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow, Scotland.
1472	shotonwhat? initiated which website?	  Shotonwhat is a website that helps users capture and share their favorite memories. It was initiated by the creators of the popular photo sharing website, Flickr.
1473	the carrier command: gaea mission video game was designed by who?	  The game was designed by Rebert Baker and the team at Bitmap Brothers.
1474	in the japanese units of measurement, how many different units of length are there?	  There are four different units of length in the Japanese system of measurement: shaku (尺), sun (寸), bu (分), and rin (厘).
1475	what is the uncompressed format that nikon d1h uses?	  The Nikon D1H uses JPEG, TIFF (uncompressed), and NEF (Nikon's proprietary raw format).
1476	what number of railway terminus is terminuses of northern line?	  There are nine railway terminuses of the Northern Line: Morden, East Finchley, High Barnet, Edgware, Mill Hill East, Finchley Central, Kennington, Balham and Embankment.
1477	what units of energy are used by the measurement system celsius?	  Celsius does not use units of energy. Celsius is a temperature scale used to measure temperature.
1478	decreased dna replication is a physiological outcome of use of what drug?	  The specific drug used will depend on the context. In general, certain antibiotics, such as quinolones, tetracyclines, and macrolides, can interfere with DNA replication and lead to decreased DNA replication.
1479	what show is a spinoff of cambio de clase?	  The spinoff of Cambio de Clase is called El Internado: Laguna Negra.
1480	political satire belongs to which parent genre?	  Political satire belongs to the parent genre of comedy.
1481	what locomotive classes are built by eurosprinter?	  The locomotive classes built by Eurosprinter are the ES64U4, ES64F4, ES64F4-Taurus, ES64F6, ES64F7, ES64F8, ES64F9, ES64F10, and ES64P4.
1482	how many electric locomotive classes are built by british rail engineering limited?	  British Rail Engineering Limited (BREL) has built more than 40 different classes of electric locomotives.
1483	candela is the volumetric flow rate unit in what measurement system?	  The candela is a unit of luminous intensity in the International System of Units (SI).
1484	what season of big brother (nl) spinoff has more than 33 episodes?	  The fifth season of Big Brother (NL) spinoff, Big Brother VIP, had more than 33 episodes.
1485	which opera production was zbynek mueller the conductor of?	  Zbynek Mueller conducted the opera production of Giacomo Puccini's Turandot at the National Theatre in Prague in 2020.
1486	the latest released version of the game by over the top games was published in which region?	  Over the Top Games is based in the United Kingdom, so the latest released version of their game would have been published in the UK.
1487	captain ed was published by which publishing company?	  Captain Ed was published by HarperCollins.
1488	post-traumatic stress disorder was featured in what radio episode?	  The topic of post-traumatic stress disorder was discussed in the National Public Radio episode "The Invisible Wounds of War: Understanding PTSD," which aired on October 28, 2014.
1489	in the measurement system, how many units of energy have the specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram?	  There are no units of energy associated with specific volume units of cubic metres per kilogram. Specific volume is a measure of the volume of a substance per unit of mass. It is commonly expressed in cubic metres per kilogram (m3/kg).
1490	specific gravity is measured by what measuring instruments?	  Specific gravity is typically measured using a hydrometer or a digital density meter.
1491	the instructor has what object?	  The instructor typically has a variety of objects, such as a laptop, a whiteboard, textbooks, and other instructional materials.
1492	what kind unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include atomic mass unit?	  The unit of length associated with a measurement system whose mass units include atomic mass units is the angstrom (Å).
1493	provençal language has what compositions?	  The Provençal language has compositions in poetry, literature, music, and song. It is also used in some dialects of French, in particular in the south of France.
1494	which steam locomotive class has the largest gauge (mm)?	  The largest gauge for a steam locomotive class is 5 ft 6 in (1,676 mm), which is used by the Garratt locomotive class.
1495	what is the court that has the legal case chicago, milwaukee & st. paul railway co. v. minnesota?	  The case Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway Co. v. Minnesota was heard by the United States Supreme Court.
1496	the rs-68 has what type of development status?	  The RS-68 has a mature development status. It was first introduced in 2005 and has been used in a variety of applications since then.
1497	how many web browsers are open-sourced under gnu general public license and support programming languages designed by brad cox?	  There are no web browsers open-sourced under the GNU General Public License that support programming languages designed by Brad Cox.
1498	what is the type of conference cartes?	  Conference Cartes is an online conference platform. It is a virtual event platform designed to help event organizers host, manage, and promote online conferences, workshops, and other virtual events.
1499	euro is the payment system of what video game distribution system?	  Euro is the payment system of the Steam digital video game distribution system.
1500	pantoprazole sodium oral is the method of administration for which drug?	  Pantoprazole sodium is a proton pump inhibitor (PPI) used to reduce stomach acid production and treat conditions such as gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), erosive esophagitis, and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. It is typically administered orally, either as a tablet or as an oral suspension.
1501	m.u.g.e.n 1.0 is the succeeding engine to what video game engine?	  M.U.G.E.N 1.0 is the successor to the Elecbyte game engine, which was used to create the original M.U.G.E.N fighting game.
1502	what are the names of the radio program episodes featuring startalk?	  1. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: A Cosmic Perspective" 2. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: Star Gazing" 3. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: Life Beyond Earth" 4. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: Exploring the Universe" 5. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Search for Life" 6. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Nature of the Cosmos" 7. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: Exploring the Multiverse" 8. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Big Bang Theory" 9. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Origin of Life" 10. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence" 11. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Search for Exoplanets" 12. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Search for Dark Matter" 13. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Physics of the Universe" 14. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Science of the Stars" 15. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Mysteries of the Universe" 16. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Future of Space Exploration" 17. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Power of the Cosmos" 18. "Neil deGrasse Tyson: The Wonders of the Universe"
1503	100.0 is the distance in meters of what unit of length?	  100 meters is equal to 328.1 feet, or 1/10 of a kilometer.
1504	which radio station owner owns woyl?	  WOYL is owned by Forever Media, Inc.
1505	what versions of video games are released in benelux?	  The Benelux region (Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg) typically receives the same video game releases as other European countries, including both physical and digital versions. The releases are usually in the same language as the country in which the game was released, such as Dutch for the Netherlands, French for Belgium, and German for Luxembourg.
1506	economic simulation is the subject of what video game?	  The most popular economic simulation video game is probably SimCity.
1507	how many classes of electric locomotives are built by british rail engineering limited?	  British Rail Engineering Limited (BREL) currently builds four classes of electric locomotives: Class 86, Class 87, Class 89 and Class 92.
1508	what astronomical discovery technique helps to find the exoplanet of sol?	  The technique used to find exoplanets around the Sun is called radial velocity. This technique measures the tiny wobbles in the motion of a star caused by the gravitational pull of an orbiting planet.
1509	bruce oxenford is the field umpire in which cricket match?	  Bruce Oxenford is an international cricket umpire who has officiated in many matches. He has officiated in a variety of international cricket matches, including One Day Internationals (ODIs), Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is), and Test matches.
1510	kilograms per cubic meter is used as density units in which measurement system?	  The kilogram per cubic meter (kg/m3) is a unit of density used in the metric system.
1511	what is the conference venue for electronic entertainment expo 2010?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) 2010 was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
1512	bill koch coaches what american football team?	  Bill Koch is currently the head coach of the University of Cincinnati Bearcats football team.
1513	what adaptation is adapted from the toolbox murders	  The Toolbox Murders is a 2004 slasher horror film directed by Tobe Hooper and loosely based on the 1978 film of the same name. The film follows a family that moves into an old apartment complex, only to find themselves terrorized by a mysterious serial killer. The adaptation is known for its intense violence and gore, and has been praised by horror fans for its atmosphere and tension.
1514	what is the name of the programming language that inspired the language developed by dennis macalistair ritchie?	  The programming language that inspired the language developed by Dennis MacAlistair Ritchie is called BCPL (Basic Combined Programming Language).
1515	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 1.78?	  Giraffe
1516	how many people contributed to the design of chocobo racing original soundtrack video game soundtrack?	  It is not possible to determine the exact number of people who contributed to the design of the Chocobo Racing original soundtrack video game soundtrack. However, the soundtrack was composed by Masashi Hamauzu, who is known for his work on several Final Fantasy video games.
1517	which unit of energy density uses international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule per cubic meter (J/m3) as the unit of energy density.
1518	which locomotive completed the most constructions?	  The Baldwin Locomotive Works was the most prolific builder of steam locomotives in the world, completing over 70,000 locomotives in its 125-year history.
1519	what's the unit of frequency in the measurement system whose current density unit is ampere per square metre?	  The unit of frequency in this measurement system is Hertz (Hz).
1520	the unit of illuminance is what in the international system of units?	  The unit of illuminance in the International System of Units is lux (lx).
1521	what is the locomotive class with a maximum speed of 243.68?	  The locomotive class with a maximum speed of 243.68 is the ETR 500. This is an Italian high-speed train manufactured by Alstom.
1522	what locomotives have a class of mark vii monorail?	  The only locomotives known to have a Class of Mark VII Monorail are the Siemens Monorail series, which includes the S70, S80, and S90 models.
1523	intense (andrew rayel radio edit) is a recording done by which featured artist?	  The featured artist is JES.
1524	of tropical cyclones that affected tci, which are in the same category with tropical storm linda?	  The following tropical cyclones that affected TCI, which are in the same category as Tropical Storm Linda, are:  1. Tropical Storm Erika (2015) 2. Hurricane Gonzalo (2014) 3. Tropical Storm Hanna (2008) 4. Hurricane Irene (2011) 5. Tropical Storm Matthew (2016) 6. Hurricane Jose (2017) 7. Tropical Storm Olga (2007) 8. Hurricane Omar (2008) 9. Tropical Storm Philippe (2010) 10. Hurricane Sandy (2012)
1525	what conference series is sponsored by advanstar communications, inc. and is a trade fair?	  The Advanstar Communications, Inc. conference series is called the International Beauty Show (IBS). It is a trade fair that focuses on beauty, wellness, and lifestyle products.
1526	can you name the video game that expanded shadowlands?	  World of Warcraft: Shadowlands.
1527	who is the tv character in voyage of the damned?	  The main character in Voyage of the Damned is Maxine de la Cruz, played by María Conchita Alonso.
1528	which measurement system uses gray per second as its unit for absorbed dose rate?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the gray per second (Gy/s) as its unit for absorbed dose rate.
1529	what video game is published by lucasfan games	  The most popular video game published by Lucasfan Games is Star Wars: X-Wing Alliance.
1530	santo antônio do leverger has what as its city limit?	  The city limits of Santo Antônio do Leverger are:  -North: Mato Grosso -South: Várzea Grande -East: Nobres -West: Água Boa
1531	office of film and literature is apart of the video game rating in which system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB).
1532	the international system of units uses what unit for absorbed dose rate?	  The international system of units uses the unit gray per second (Gy/s) for absorbed dose rate.
1533	name the builder of the ship uss franklin d. roosevelt.	  The USS Franklin D. Roosevelt was built by Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company in Newport News, Virginia.
1534	flight unlimited is a video game by what developer?	  Microsoft Flight Simulator by Microsoft.
1535	what kind unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include long ton?	  The unit of length associated with a measurement system whose mass units include long ton is typically the meter.
1536	hectosecond was used as a luminance unit in what measurement system?	  The photometric system.
1537	how do you measure international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) is the modern form of the metric system and is the most widely used system of measurement in the world. It is based on seven base units of measure: the meter (for length), the kilogram (for mass), the second (for time), the ampere (for electric current), the kelvin (for temperature), the mole (for amount of substance), and the candela (for luminous intensity). Derived units are then formed by combining these base units in various ways. Examples of derived units include the newton (for force), the joule (for energy), and the pascal (for pressure).
1538	in the non-si units mentioned in the si, how many different units of length are there?	  There are four different units of length in non-SI units:  1. Inches (in) 2. Feet (ft) 3. Yards (yd) 4. Miles (mi)
1539	what unit of data transmission rate is equal to 8e+06 bits per second?	  8e+06 bits per second is equal to 8 Mbps (megabits per second).
1540	what was the name of the event that ended on 1945-03-27?	  The event was the Battle of Berlin, which was the last major battle of World War II in Europe.
1541	quirks & quarks appears in what radio program episode?	  The episode of Quirks & Quarks that aired most recently is titled "The Science of Sleep". It aired on August 15, 2020.
1542	1.0 teu's is measured in what?	  TEU stands for Twenty-foot Equivalent Unit and is a measure of container capacity on a ship. It is equal to a 20-foot-long (6.1 m) intermodal container.
1543	which one of the meteorite's mass is less than or equal to 2e+06?	  The meteorite with the mass of 1.8e+06 is less than or equal to 2e+06.
1544	which tropical cyclone caused the most deaths in total?	  The tropical cyclone that caused the most deaths in total is Cyclone Nargis, which struck Myanmar (Burma) in May 2008. It is estimated that the cyclone caused the deaths of over 138,000 people.
1545	what meteorite's mass is less or equal to 5560.0?	  The meteorite with a mass less than or equal to 5560.0 is the LaPaz Icefield 02342 meteorite, which has a mass of 5500.0 grams.
1546	what is the unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 0.001 seconds?	  The unit of time in the International System of Units used to measure less than 0.001 seconds is the millisecond (ms).
1547	what is the unit of area that the measurement system that have an electric field strength units of volt per metre have?	  The unit of area in the measurement system with electric field strength units of volt per metre is square metres (m2).
1548	where is first zionist congress being held?	  The First Zionist Congress was held in Basel, Switzerland in 1897.
1549	what is the name of the smallest possible unit of resistivity?	  The smallest possible unit of resistivity is the ohm-meter (Ω·m).
1550	corvina wine is what style of wine?	  Corvina is a red grape variety that is primarily used in the production of Valpolicella and Amarone wines from the Veneto region of Italy. It is known for producing full-bodied, fruity wines with notes of cherry, blackberry, and spice.
1551	what is the least unit of weightmass of kilograms?	  The least unit of weight/mass is the gram (g).
1552	the hms victorious was built by which ship builder?	  The HMS Victorious was built by Vickers-Armstrongs at the Barrow-in-Furness shipyard in Cumbria, England.
1553	what is the focus of a project that contains western dock?	  The focus of a project containing Western Dock would be to develop a plan to improve the dock's functionality and make it more attractive to visitors. This could include improving the dock's infrastructure, adding amenities such as restaurants and shops, and creating a waterfront park or other recreational activities.
1554	what asterism has delta velorum?	  Delta Velorum is part of the Vela (Sailing) asterism, which is part of the larger constellation of Vela in the southern sky. The asterism is made up of five stars: Gamma Velorum, Delta Velorum, Epsilon Velorum, Zeta Velorum, and Eta Velorum.
1555	wb is the magnetic flux units within which system of measurement?	  The magnetic flux unit in the SI system of measurement is the weber (Wb).
1556	for which unit of potential, the potential in volt is 1.0?	  The unit of potential for a potential of 1.0 volt is the volt (V).
1557	when describing the measurement system of joule per mole per kelvin, what is used as the unit of volume?	  The unit of volume in this measurement system is not applicable, as it is used to measure energy.
1558	zeitschrift für sozialistische politik und wirtschaft is of what periodical subject?	  Socialist politics and economics.
1559	the physical media is the distribution channel for which video game version?	  The physical media is the distribution channel for the retail version of a video game.
1560	which video game engine did victor luchits develop?	  Victor Luchits developed the Decima game engine, which was used in the game Horizon Zero Dawn.
1561	road fighter was part of what video game compilation?	  The Street Fighter II Turbo: Hyper Fighting game was part of the Street Fighter 30th Anniversary Collection, released in 2018.
1562	what unit of measurement in the international system of units is used to describe luminous intensity?	  The unit of measurement for luminous intensity in the International System of Units (SI) is the candela (cd).
1563	which unit of pressure has the lowest pressure in pascals?	  The unit of pressure with the lowest pressure in pascals is the torr (or mmHg). One torr is equal to 1/760 of an atmosphere, which is equivalent to 133.322 pascals.
1564	madonna louise ciccone was married to which film actor no later than 1998-12?	  Madonna Louise Ciccone was married to actor Sean Penn from 1985 to 1989.
1565	what includes centiliter as volume unit?	  Centiliter (cL or cl) is a metric unit of volume equal to one hundredth of a liter. It is commonly used to measure the volume of liquids such as water, milk, and juices. It is also used to measure the capacity of small containers and other objects. Centiliter is abbreviated as cL or cl.
1566	what do you call the system of measurement which specifically has cubic metre per kilogram volume units?	  The system of measurement is called the metric system.
1567	warcraft iii reign of chaos and wow was designed by which video game designer?	  Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and World of Warcraft were designed by Rob Pardo and his team at Blizzard Entertainment.
1568	don mcdermott is the designer of what video game?	  McDermott is the lead designer of the popular video game "Overwatch" developed by Blizzard Entertainment.
1569	what song was added to guitar hero : world tour after 2008-11-16?	  The song added to Guitar Hero: World Tour after 2008-11-16 was "The Pretender" by Foo Fighters.
1570	what is the conference series that focuses on capricon?	  The Capricon Conference Series is an annual science fiction and fantasy convention held in the Chicago area. It is organized by the Chicago Science Fiction Society (CSFS). The convention typically features panels, workshops, gaming, art show, a masquerade, and a dealer's room.
1571	princess quest: mahjong sword is included in which video game version?	  Princess Quest: Mahjong Sword is included in the Nintendo Switch version of the game.
1572	the locus of x - [43510800,43626624] is in what chromosome?	  The locus of x - [43510800,43626624] is in chromosome X.
1573	the inductance units of henries are used in which system of measurement?	  The henry is an SI unit of measurement used in the metric system.
1574	honda ridgeline is what automobile make?	  Honda Ridgeline is a pickup truck manufactured by Honda Motor Company.
1575	what is the name of the camera that has a digital zoom of 4.2?	  The Nikon Coolpix P1000 Digital Camera has a digital zoom of 4.2.
1576	which conference series focuses on capricon?	  The Capricon Conference Series is an annual science fiction and fantasy convention held in the Chicago area.
1577	in the international system of units, what is the unit of electric flux density?	  The unit of electric flux density is the volt per meter (V/m).
1578	in terms of hertz, which is the largest unit of frequency?	  The largest unit of frequency is the Terahertz (THz), which is equal to one trillion Hertz (Hz).
1579	at what grade level is the typical age smaller than or equal to 14?	  Grade levels typically range from Kindergarten (age 5) to 12th grade (age 18). Therefore, the grade level for an age of 14 or smaller would be 8th grade.
1580	in which measurement system is the permittivity measured in farad per metre?	  The permittivity is measured in Farad per metre in the SI (International System of Units) system.
1581	what is the name of the gameplay mode that supports the peripheral dk bongos in the video game?	  The gameplay mode is called "Bongo Blast" and it is featured in the Nintendo GameCube game Donkey Konga.
1582	what was the radio episode that was about the childbirth?	  The radio episode was called "The Birth of a Baby" and was broadcast on the BBC World Service in May of 2020. It featured interviews with midwives, obstetricians, and mothers about the experience of giving birth.
1583	the olympus sp-550 uz uses what type of uncompressed format?	  The Olympus SP-550 UZ does not support an uncompressed format. It supports JPEG, RAW (ORF), and Motion JPEG (AVI) formats.
1584	what radio program is in telescopes that rocked our world	  The radio program is called "Telescopes that Changed the World". It is produced by the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO) and is hosted by Dr. Tony Beasley.
1585	what number of railway terminus is terminuses of stockton and darlington railway?	  There is only one railway terminus for the Stockton and Darlington Railway, which is located in Darlington.
1586	the english units united states what unit of moment of force?	  The English units used in the United States for moment of force is pound-feet (lb-ft).
1587	what region did arkedo studio publish the latest released version of its game?	  The latest released version of Arkedo Studio's game was published worldwide.
1588	solar orbiter was manufactured by which manufacturer?	  The Solar Orbiter spacecraft was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
1589	what does the international system of units use as a unit of illuminance?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the lux (lx) as the unit of illuminance.
1590	which video game version has the peripherals supported by kinect for xbox one?	  The Xbox One version of the Kinect peripheral is supported by all Xbox One games.
1591	which video games versions were released in britain?	  There have been numerous video game versions released in Britain, including:   - Grand Theft Auto V  - FIFA 21  - Red Dead Redemption II  - Super Mario Odyssey  - Call of Duty: Modern Warfare  - Assassin's Creed Odyssey  - The Last of Us Part II  - Doom Eternal  - Marvel's Spider-Man  - Borderlands 3
1592	the measurement system that includes joule per kelvin also includes which unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1e-06?	  The unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1e-06 is the reciprocal kelvin (K⁻¹).
1593	which red dwarf stars star has the lowest temperature?	  The red dwarf star with the lowest temperature is the star called VB 10, which has a temperature of about 2,800 Kelvin.
1594	where was the 2008 democratic primary, california’s 6th assembly district held?	  The 2008 Democratic primary for California’s 6th Assembly District was held at the Marin County Civic Center in San Rafael, California.
1595	la ilaha ilallah is practiced in how many religions?	  The phrase "La ilaha ilallah" is practiced in the Islamic faith.
1596	which color filter array type do digital cameras with compressed format jpeg (exif 2.21) have?	  Digital cameras with compressed format JPEG (Exif 2.21) typically have a Bayer Color Filter Array (CFA).
1597	the tv program er series included what tv soundtrack?	  The ER series featured a variety of music from a variety of artists, including U2, Bruce Springsteen, The Rolling Stones, The Who, and many more.
1598	what subject does the radio afield with ranger mac cover?	  Radio Afield with Ranger Mac covers a variety of topics related to outdoor recreation and conservation, including camping, hiking, fishing, wildlife, and more.
1599	what geological formations are formed during middle jurassic?	  Some of the geological formations formed during the Middle Jurassic include:  1. Lias Group: This is a sequence of sedimentary rocks that were laid down during the Middle Jurassic period in Europe. It includes limestone, shale, and sandstone.  2. Morrison Formation: This formation is found in the western United States and is composed of mudstone, sandstone, and limestone. It contains fossils of dinosaurs such as Allosaurus and Stegosaurus.  3. Kimmeridge Clay: This is a claystone that was laid down in the shallow seas of the Middle Jurassic period. It is found in England and contains fossils of ammonites and other marine creatures.  4. Wealden Group: This is a geological formation found in southern England and northern France. It is composed of sandstone, clay, and limestone and contains fossils of dinosaurs such as Iguanodon and Hypsilophodon.
1600	fx interactive published what version of a video game?	  EA Sports UFC 3.
1601	roux can be found in which recipe collection?	  The recipe collection "The Art of French Cooking" by Simone Beck and Louisette Bertholle includes a recipe for Coq au Vin Poulet au Vin Jaune et aux Morilles, which is a variation of coq au vin by the French chef Raymond Thuilier.
1602	which written work has subject grasshopper sparrow?	  The written work "Grasshopper Sparrows: A Conservation Success Story" by Julie Craves was published in the journal BioScience in 2008. It details the successes of conservation efforts to protect grasshopper sparrows, a species of bird that is threatened in many parts of the United States.
1603	what kind of ship has a max speed of 32.0?	  A sailboat.
1604	which conference series are sponsored by neo4j?	  Neo4j sponsors the GraphConnect Conference Series.
1605	what conference event has a conference venue that is associated with a conference electronic entertainment expo 2012?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo 2012 was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
1606	who is the noble person that is the skinniest?	  There is no single noble person who is the skinniest. Every individual is different and it is impossible to determine who is the skinniest.
1607	closest defunct time zone to utc?	  The closest defunct time zone to UTC is the British Double Summer Time (BDST).
1608	hilton hotel corporation is known to own what hotel brand?	  Hilton Hotels & Resorts.
1609	what ship designer designed a ship that is designed by pete melvin?	  Pete Melvin designed the Melges 24 sailboat.
1610	stavudine has been tested for what medical trial?	  Zidovudine (also known as stavudine) has been tested in clinical trials for the treatment of HIV/AIDS.
1611	backbone created how many video game compilations?	  Backbone Entertainment created a total of four video game compilations. These compilations were released for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Nintendo GameCube.
1612	which video game version has the game of onimusha tactics?	  Onimusha Tactics was released for the Game Boy Advance in 2003.
1613	name the tv subject is associated with a tv program whose filming locations include 20th century fox studios?	  The TV program is "The Simpsons".
1614	which measurement system is abcoulomb a charge unit of?	  Abcoulomb is a unit of electrical charge in the centimeter-gram-second (CGS) system of units.
1615	what category of drug formulation uses zinc sulfate heptahydrate as an active ingredient?	  Zinc sulfate heptahydrate is commonly used as an active ingredient in mineral supplement formulations.
1616	language is used as a descriptive word in which video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) uses language to describe the content of video games. The ESRB rating system assigns a rating to each game based on its content, such as violence, language, sexual content, and other factors. The rating categories are: Early Childhood, Everyone, Everyone 10+, Teen, Mature, and Adults Only.
1617	what unit is used in defining the molar volume in international system of units?	  The unit used in defining the molar volume in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per mole (m3/mol).
1618	if a measure was given in joules per kilogram at most 1.0, what unit of specific energy would that be?	  That would be joules per kilogram (J/kg), which is a unit of specific energy.
1619	what is the gene that is gene of pseudomonas aeruginosa pao1 , is the member of the gene group purine nucleotide metabolic process?	  The gene is purH, which encodes the enzyme adenylosuccinate lyase. This enzyme is involved in the purine nucleotide metabolic process in Pseudomonas aeruginosa Pao1.
1620	how many spacecrafts did ball aerospace and technologies corp. and orbital sciences corporation manufacture?	  It is not possible to answer this question with certainty as the two companies have not disclosed the exact number of spacecrafts they have manufactured.
1621	which unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include stone?	  The Imperial system of measurement, which uses the stone as a unit of mass, is associated with the yard as a unit of length.
1622	how many musical albums are featured by sierra leone?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as there is no comprehensive list of musical albums featured by Sierra Leone.
1623	which cricket bowling pace has the max speed of 64?	  The fastest recorded bowling pace in cricket is held by Shoaib Akhtar of Pakistan, who bowled at a speed of 161.3 km/h (100.23 mph) in a 2003 World Cup match against England.
1624	how many number of religions practice hajj?	  There is no single answer to this question as there are many religions that practice Hajj, including Islam, Christianity, Judaism, Buddhism, and Sikhism.
1625	what video games are there for spectrum?	  Some of the most popular video games for the Sinclair ZX Spectrum include:  • Manic Miner • Jet Set Willy • Elite • Sabre Wulf • Knight Lore • Dizzy • Head Over Heels • The Hobbit • Horace Goes Skiing • Chuckie Egg • Skool Daze • Underwurlde • Match Point • 3D Monster Maze • Jumping Jack • Jetpac • Tempest • Starstrike
1626	how many units of length are there in the persian units of measurement?	  There are seven units of length in the Persian units of measurement: Zereh (finger), Para (span), Gazz (cubit), Shast (fathom), Gez (yard), Ritl (rod), and Kil (mile).
1627	lux is the illuminance unit of which measurement system?	  Lux is the illuminance unit of the SI (International System of Units) measurement system.
1628	which system of measurement uses watt per steradian to identify the intensity of radiation?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses watt per steradian (W/sr) to measure the intensity of radiation.
1629	toews is the captain of which ice hockey team?	  Jonathan Toews is the captain of the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
1630	what is the shape of galaxies with the same classification code as m110?	  M110 is classified as an unbarred spiral galaxy. The shape of an unbarred spiral galaxy is typically a flat disk with a spiral structure of stars and dust that extends from the center outward.
1631	which video games versions were released in united states?	  There are too many video games released in the United States to list here. Some of the more popular titles include Grand Theft Auto, Call of Duty, Super Mario, The Legend of Zelda, and Madden NFL.
1632	which unit of length use 201.168 as the distance in meters?	  Meters
1633	what is the video game mod for quake iii: arena?	  The most popular mod for Quake III: Arena is Rocket Arena 3. It is a team-based mod that allows players to battle each other in various arenas.
1634	what type of conference is hong kong electronics fair?	  The Hong Kong Electronics Fair is a trade show and exhibition for the electronics industry.
1635	barye is the pressure units of which system of measurement?	  Barye is a unit of pressure in the centimetre-gram-second (CGS) system of measurement.
1636	the steam supports which video game platform?	  Steam supports Windows, Mac, and Linux operating systems, as well as Android and iOS mobile devices.
1637	the album mistletoe and merriment has what type of content?	  Mistletoe and Merriment is a holiday album that features a mix of traditional Christmas songs and original compositions. It includes a variety of genres such as pop, jazz, blues, and folk.
1638	what is the musical game that needs a dance mat to play it?	  The musical game that needs a dance mat to play it is Dance Dance Revolution (DDR).
1639	games developed by taito corporation and distributed through physical media released where?	  Taito Corporation has released games through physical media in a variety of locations, including game stores, online retailers, and specialty stores.
1640	what is the legal structure of keon-a information technology co. ltd	  Keon-a Information Technology Co. Ltd. is a privately owned limited liability company. This type of legal structure provides limited liability protection to the owners, meaning that their personal assets are not at risk should the company be sued or incur debt.
1641	what unit of energy belongs to the same measurement system as kg/m3?	  Joules (J)
1642	federal realty investment trust is the owner of what shopping center?	  Federal Realty Investment Trust owns many shopping centers across the United States, including Santana Row in San Jose, California; Pike & Rose in North Bethesda, Maryland; and The Collection at RiverPark in Oxnard, California.
1643	name the radio program which episode was first broadcasted on feb. the 28th, 2011.	  The episode was from the radio program This American Life, and it was titled "Surrogates".
1644	what aircraft model's range is 15400.0?	  The aircraft model with a range of 15400.0 is the Airbus A330-300.
1645	pounds per square inch is the pressure units of which system of measurement?	  Pounds per square inch is a unit of pressure in the imperial system of measurement.
1646	what business operation does copywriting pertain to?	  Copywriting is a type of marketing and advertising operation that involves creating persuasive written content to promote a product, service, or brand.
1647	which golf course is the shortest?	  There is no definitive answer to this question, as the length of a golf course can vary greatly depending on the specific course and the tees being used.
1648	name all types of museums that are of the same type as independence seaport museum and erie maritime museum.	  1. Mystic Seaport Museum (Mystic, CT) 2. South Street Seaport Museum (New York City, NY) 3. San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park (San Francisco, CA) 4. Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum (St. Michaels, MD) 5. Maine Maritime Museum (Bath, ME) 6. New Bedford Whaling Museum (New Bedford, MA) 7. National Museum of the Great Lakes (Toledo, OH) 8. Puget Sound Navy Museum (Bremerton, WA) 9. GulfQuest National Maritime Museum of the Gulf of Mexico (Mobile, AL) 10. Columbia River Maritime Museum (Astoria, OR)
1649	apoheles is a part of which asteroid?	  Apheles is a part of the asteroid 4 Vesta.
1650	who is the conference sponsor of the visweek?	  The IEEE Visualization and Graphics Technical Committee (VGTC) is the conference sponsor of IEEE VIS (formerly known as IEEE Visualization, or VisWeek).
1651	united states customary units belongs to what inverse temperature unit?	  The United States Customary Units does not have an inverse temperature unit associated with it.
1652	which government has the agency of bundesministerium für gesundheit und frauen?	  The Bundesministerium für Gesundheit und Frauen is part of the German Federal Government.
1653	the sith is used by which video game?	  The Sith are a recurring faction in the Star Wars video game franchise, appearing in games such as Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, Star Wars: The Force Unleashed, Star Wars: The Old Republic, and Star Wars Battlefront II.
1654	falstaff was produced by what person?	  Falstaff was written by Giuseppe Verdi.
1655	how many types of mount tengu are there?	  There are three types of Mount Tengu: the Red Tengu, the White Tengu, and the Black Tengu.
1656	name the religious text of buddhism.	  The primary religious text of Buddhism is the Tripitaka (also known as the Pali Canon). It is a collection of teachings attributed to the historical Buddha, Siddhartha Gautama.
1657	waht illustrator has weight over 54.0?	  The Adobe Illustrator 2020 software has a weight of 54.0 MB.
1658	the uconn health center is affiliated with what hospital?	  The UConn Health Center is affiliated with the John Dempsey Hospital, a teaching hospital of the University of Connecticut School of Medicine.
1659	do you know the broadcast distributor who distributes cbs network?	  CBS Television Distribution is the primary distributor of the CBS network.
1660	1.0 joules per cubic meter of density demonstrates what unit of energy?	  This demonstrates the unit of energy known as the joule (J).
1661	what is the name of the video game version that was developed by the developer of atelier rorona: the alchemist of arland?	  The game is called Atelier Rorona Plus: The Alchemist of Arland.
1662	which cyclists speak a language that matt lukin speaks?	  Matt Lukin is a professional BMX rider, so any other professional BMX riders likely speak the same language.
1663	what conference series that has a sponsoring organization of australian centre for psychoanalysis and is of type seminar?	  The Australian Centre for Psychoanalysis sponsors the "Australian Centre for Psychoanalysis Seminar Series".
1664	what is the name of the shortest film producer?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the title of "shortest film producer" is subjective.
1665	which video game engine did cd projekt develop?	  CD Projekt developed the REDengine game engine.
1666	oersted is utilized to categorize which measurement system?	  The oersted is a unit of magnetic field strength in the International System of Units (SI).
1667	in the measurement system joule per mole per kelvin what is used as the volume unit?	  The volume unit used in the measurement system joule per mole per kelvin is cubic meters (m3).
1668	what work comes before the series in arabian nights?	  The Arabian Nights is a collection of Middle Eastern and South Asian stories and folk tales compiled in Arabic during the Islamic Golden Age. It consists of a frame story, which is often referred to as The Thousand and One Nights, and a number of individual stories related within this frame. The earliest known version of the frame story dates back to the 9th century. The collection is often seen as a precursor to modern fantasy literature.
1669	what fictional character's species is pupitar?	  Pupitar is a fictional species of Pokémon.
1670	what gameplay mode is used in the musical game with a version of frets on fire?	  The most common gameplay mode used in the musical game with a version of Frets on Fire is a "Guitar Hero"-style game mode. Players use a guitar-shaped controller to hit colored notes as they scroll down the screen in time with the music. The goal is to match the notes correctly and achieve a high score.
1671	what religious text is association with religions that practice the filial piety?	  The Confucian Analects is the most commonly associated religious text with religions that practice filial piety. It is a collection of sayings and ideas attributed to the Chinese philosopher Confucius and his contemporaries, and it is believed to provide guidance on how to live a moral and virtuous life. The Analects emphasizes the importance of filial piety and respect for elders and ancestors.
1672	super ghouls 'n ghosts was part of what video game compilation?	  Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts was part of the Capcom Generations compilation, released for the PlayStation in 1997.
1673	which time zone has a dst offset from utc more than -7.0?	  The time zones with a Daylight Savings Time (DST) offset from UTC greater than -7.0 are Alaska Time (UTC-9.0), Hawaii-Aleutian Time (UTC-10.0), and Samoa Time (UTC-11.0).
1674	which fictional comic strip character is married to roger fox?	  Mitzi Fox, the wife of Roger Fox, is a fictional character from the comic strip FoxTrot.
1675	which unit of catalytic concentration is used to demostrate the concentration in 1.0 katal per cubic meter?	  The unit of catalytic concentration used to demonstrate the concentration in 1.0 katal per cubic meter is katal per cubic meter (kat/m3).
1676	which unit of length is affiliated with a measurement system whose mass units include cental?	  The Imperial system of measurement, which uses centals for mass, is affiliated with the foot as the unit of length.
1677	us passport new applications is used in what government issued permit?	  A U.S. passport is used to apply for a U.S. government issued travel permit.
1678	how many video game distribution systems are supported by wii?	  The Wii supports four video game distribution systems: the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection, the Wii Shop Channel, the Nintendo DS Download Station, and the Virtual Console.
1679	which dimension is measured by an instrument whose subclasses include an gravimeter?	  The dimension measured by a gravimeter is gravity.
1680	which peripheral device is apart of the sound interface class?	  A sound card is a peripheral device that is part of the sound interface class.
1681	gino morrelli was the designer of what ship?	  Gino Morrelli designed the America's Cup-winning yacht Stars & Stripes 87.
1682	the species of xandar is the species of which fictional character?	  Xandar is the home planet of the Marvel Comics superhero, the Nova Corps, and its members, including Richard Rider, a.k.a. Nova.
1683	what video game engine developer created a video game engine that is used for computer games challenge promode?	  The video game engine developer who created the Promode engine is id Software.
1684	the golf course with at least 36 holes is which?	  The Bandon Dunes Golf Resort in Oregon features four championship golf courses with a total of 36 holes.
1685	which tld registry registered global domains international?	  Global Domains International is registered with the .WS (Dot WS) registry.
1686	software is the focus of which conference event?	  Software Development Conference.
1687	what is the lowest energy food per 100g?	  The lowest energy food per 100g is celery, which contains 16 kilocalories per 100g.
1688	what includes cubic mile as volume unit?	  A cubic mile is a unit of volume equal to 4.168 × 1012 cubic feet or 1.093 × 109 cubic meters. It is commonly used to measure large volumes of water, such as in the Great Lakes. It can also be used to measure the volume of other substances, such as oil and gas.
1689	which radio station owner owns klzz?	  KLZZ is owned by Leighton Broadcasting.
1690	what conference was held at tjärö?	  The first Tjärö Conference was held in June 2018 and was organized by the Swedish Institute for Marine Research. The conference focused on the future of the Baltic Sea and its ecosystems.
1691	dsiware distributes which video game versions?	  DSiWare distributes digital versions of games for the Nintendo DSi and Nintendo 3DS family of systems. These games are typically smaller, casual titles that can be downloaded from the Nintendo eShop.
1692	what martial art has the same category as kuk sool won and has grappling?	  Hapkido is a Korean martial art that is in the same category as Kuk Sool Won and also includes grappling.
1693	ibm rexx is used to write what software?	  IBM REXX is used to write programs and scripts for a wide variety of applications, including system automation, software development, database management, and web development. It is also used to automate tasks in the IBM mainframe environment.
1694	the potential of volt 1.0 is for which unit of potential?	  The potential of Volt 1.0 is measured in Volts.
1695	what is the name of the cyclist that speaks one of the same languages that dave alexander speaks?	  There is no single answer to this question, as it depends on what languages Dave Alexander speaks.
1696	the subject of the giant pool of money is what?	  The Giant Pool of Money is a term used to describe the vast amount of money available for investment in the global financial system. It is a phrase coined by This American Life, a public radio show, to describe the complex network of funds and investments that have become available to banks and other financial institutions in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis.
1697	what video game series has an expansion designed by charles london?	  The Civilization video game series. Charles London was the lead designer for the Civilization IV: Beyond the Sword expansion.
1698	radio comedy is the subject of which radio programs?	  Radio comedy can refer to a variety of radio programs, including sketch comedy, stand-up comedy, sitcoms, and radio plays. Popular examples of radio comedy include The Goon Show, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, The League of Gentlemen, and I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue.
1699	the hait√≠ is the origin country of which tv program?	  There is no specific TV program that is the origin of Haiti. However, Haiti has been featured in a number of television shows, including the documentary series Haiti: The Forgotten Nation and the reality show Survivor: Haiti.
1700	in the measurement system that uses centimetre per second for speed, what measure is used for a unit of density?	  The unit of density in the centimetre per second measurement system is kilograms per cubic metre (kg/m3).
1701	altered beast was developed by which game developer?	  Altered Beast was developed and published by Sega.
1702	what unit of mass is used in the same measurement system as pascal second?	  The kilogram is the unit of mass used in the same measurement system as the pascal second.
1703	watt per meter per kelvin is the thermal conductivity unit in which measurement system?	  The thermal conductivity unit of watt per meter per kelvin is part of the International System of Units (SI).
1704	austin ice bat is the mascot of this sports team.	  The Austin Ice Bats are the mascot of the Austin Ice Bats, a professional ice hockey team in the Central Hockey League, which is based in Austin, Texas.
1705	what number of breeds in the germany share a similar temperament with the giant schnauzer?	  There are over 40 breeds of dogs that share similar temperaments with the Giant Schnauzer. These breeds include the Standard Schnauzer, Great Dane, Boxer, Rottweiler, Doberman Pinscher, Labrador Retriever, Weimaraner, German Shorthaired Pointer, and German Shepherd.
1706	can-con has which conference series that focuses on it?	  The Can-Con Conference Series focuses on Canadian speculative fiction (science fiction, fantasy, horror, and more).
1707	in the fictional setting of nineteen eighty-four how many different languages are spoken?	  In the fictional setting of Nineteen Eighty-Four, there are three official languages spoken: English, Newspeak, and Oldspeak. Newspeak is a simplified form of English created by the ruling party of the novel, and Oldspeak is the traditional form of English.
1708	name the work of fiction which has an event of tempus and jihan lead the band north to war.	  The work of fiction is "The Burning Sky" by Sherry Thomas.
1709	the max speed of 145 is set for which cricket bowling pace level?	  145 km/h is the maximum speed for international cricket bowlers. This speed is considered to be the fastest pace level.
1710	in the google play store what video game platform is supported?	  The Google Play Store supports Android, iOS, and web-based video games.
1711	what unit of capacitance is used to represent 1.0 capacitance in farads?	  The unit of capacitance used to represent 1.0 capacitance in farads is the Farad (F).
1712	what radio program was most recently broadcast?	  The answer to this question depends on the radio station that you are referring to.
1713	the genres cloud computing and game engines are part of which software/	technology category?  Software/technology category: Application Development.
1714	international system of units uses which unit of dose equivalence with the measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the Sievert (Sv) as the unit of dose equivalence.
1715	where is the genomic locus in chromosome 13 (human)?	  The genomic locus in chromosome 13 (human) is located at 13q12.11.
1716	what was the radio episode that was about the state farm?	  The radio episode about State Farm was called "State Farm: The Story of a Good Neighbor." It was written and produced by the advertising agency DDB Chicago and aired in May of 2009.
1717	what status has been assigned to silent cal productions, llc websites?	  Silent Cal Productions, LLC has not been assigned any specific status.
1718	which game play mode is the game that supports kinect for the xbox 360?	  The game that supports Kinect for the Xbox 360 is the Kinect Adventure game mode.
1719	what is the name of the sport team founded on 1912-10-04?	  The team is the Boston Red Sox, founded on October 4, 1912.
1720	which games series had an expansion pack made by rob?	  Rob's expansion pack is for the game series "Sid Meier's Civilization".
1721	oktobertrek has which conference series that focuses on it?	  Octoberetrek has an annual conference series called Octoberetrek Conference, which focuses on topics related to the outdoors, camping, hiking, and backpacking.
1722	microplay software developed which video games?	  Microplay Software developed a variety of video games for various platforms, including the Commodore 64, NES, SNES, and Sega Genesis. Some of their most popular titles include:  - The Immortal - Super Off-Road - Super Cars - Super Cars II - Street Fighter II - Super Baseball 2020 - Super Battletank - Super Battletank II - Super Off-Road: The Baja - Battletoads & Double Dragon - Super Soccer - Street Fighter II Turbo
1723	the locomotive class sbb-cff-ffs re 420 is used on which electric system?	  The SBB-CFF-FFS Re 420 is used on the Swiss 15 kV 16.7 Hz AC electric system.
1724	what video game engine developer developed a video game engine that is used for computer games korsakovia?	  The video game engine developer that developed the Korsakovia engine is the independent game studio, Korsakovia Games. The Korsakovia engine is a 2D game engine designed for creating 2D games for PC and mobile platforms.
1725	dxum is used by which student radio station?	  DXUM is the call sign of the student-run radio station at the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities.
1726	super mario 64 had how many designers contribute to the game soundtrack?	  There were eight designers who contributed to the soundtrack of Super Mario 64: Koji Kondo, Kazumi Totaka, Kenta Nagata, Koichi Hayashi, Akito Nakatsuka, Hirokazu Tanaka, Shinobu Tanaka, and Mahito Yokota.
1727	2133.6 gauge (mm) is part of what locomotive class?	  2133.6 mm gauge is part of the "Standard Gauge" class of locomotives, which is the most commonly used gauge in the world.
1728	comet iras–araki–alcock caused how many meteor showers?	  Comet Ikeya–Seki–Araki–Alcock is credited with causing two meteor showers: the October Draconids and the May Camelopardalids.
1729	which unit of catalytic activity has the activity in katals of 1.0?	  A katal (kat) is a unit of catalytic activity equal to the amount of enzyme that catalyzes the transformation of 1 mole of substrate per second.
1730	what was boulder dash influential on?	  Boulder Dash was influential on the development of many games in the action-puzzle genre. It also had a major influence on the development of the platform game genre, as it was one of the first games to feature scrolling levels. The game was also influential in the development of the roguelike genre, as it was one of the first games to feature randomly generated levels.
1731	molar heat capacity is measured by which unit in international system of units?	  The molar heat capacity is measured in joules per kelvin (J/K) per mole in the International System of Units (SI).
1732	what is the amount of medical treatments that are being tested by stage 2?	  There is no single answer to this question as the number of medical treatments being tested in Stage 2 clinical trials can vary widely depending on the particular treatments being studied.
1733	the density units of gram per cubic centimetre is in which measurement system?	  The density units of gram per cubic centimetre is in the metric system.
1734	centimetre–gram–second system of units measures density by what unit?	  Kilogram per cubic meter (kg/m^3).
1735	ps 3 platform is a part of which video game platform family?	  The PlayStation 3 platform is part of the PlayStation video game platform family.
1736	find all musical release produced by james ford in the format of gramophone record	  The following is a list of all musical releases produced by James Ford in the format of gramophone record:  1. Arctic Monkeys - Favourite Worst Nightmare (2007)  2. Simian Mobile Disco - Attack Decay Sustain Release (2007)  3. Foals - Antidotes (2008)  4. Klaxons - Myths of the Near Future (2007)  5. Florence + The Machine - Lungs (2009)  6. The Last Shadow Puppets - The Age of the Understatement (2008)  7. Mystery Jets - Twenty One (2008)  8. The Horrors - Primary Colours (2009)  9. Glasvegas - Glasvegas (2008)  10. The Libertines - Time For Heroes (2004)
1737	where is the version developed by bandai-namco and distributed through wii ware released?	  The Bandai-Namco version of the game, which was released through WiiWare, is no longer available.
1738	what unit is used to identify the hertz frequency of 1.0?	  Hertz (Hz)
1739	in race: the power of an illusion - interview with stephen jay gould, who was the interviewee?	  Stephen Jay Gould was the interviewee.
1740	what are the ratings in the game rating board video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the industry-standard video game rating system in the United States. The ESRB assigns ratings to video games based on their content, ranging from Early Childhood (EC) to Adults Only (AO). The ratings are as follows:  Early Childhood (EC) Everyone (E) Everyone 10+ (E10+) Teen (T) Mature (M) Adults Only (AO)
1741	what is the name of the subatomic particle that'ss part of the same family of particles as the top antiquark?	  The subatomic particle that is part of the same family of particles as the top antiquark is the bottom antiquark.
1742	which conference event focuses on hardware testing?	  The International Test and Evaluation Association (ITEA) Conference is an annual event that focuses on hardware testing and evaluation.
1743	which kind of cloud is highest?	  The highest type of cloud is the cirrus cloud, which can reach heights of up to 8 kilometers (5 miles) above the Earth's surface.
1744	the international system of units uses what unit to measure surface density?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the kilogram per square meter (kg/m2) to measure surface density.
1745	walled city is a type of which fictional setting?	  Fantasy.
1746	what is the number of collectable items in a audio cds?	  There is no standard number of collectable items on an audio CD. It depends on the type of CD and the artist or label releasing the CD.
1747	in the international system of units, what is the unit of absorbed dose?	  The unit of absorbed dose in the international system of units is the gray (Gy).
1748	afreecatv publishes which video game?	  Afreecatv is a streaming platform that broadcasts a variety of content, including live streaming of video games. Popular games streamed on Afreecatv include League of Legends, Overwatch, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, and StarCraft II.
1749	what type of education does fairfield university provide?	  Fairfield University is a private Jesuit university located in Fairfield, Connecticut. It offers a wide range of undergraduate and graduate degree programs in the liberal arts, sciences, business, nursing, and education.
1750	nikon d5300 offers what uncompressed format?	  Nikon D5300 does not offer an uncompressed format.
1751	what kind of measurement system uses the ohm centimeter as a unit of resistivity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the ohm centimeter as a unit of resistivity.
1752	what catalytic activity unit measures in katals of 1.0?	  A katal is a unit of catalytic activity that measures the amount of a catalyst needed to accelerate a reaction by a factor of one million per second. It is equal to the amount of a catalyst that catalyzes the conversion of one mole of a substrate per second.
1753	what kind of engine is general electric tf34?	  The General Electric TF34 is a turbofan engine that was developed in the late 1960s and is used mainly in military aircraft. It is a two-shaft, low-bypass turbofan engine with an 8-stage axial compressor and a 2-stage turbine. It produces up to 8,000 pounds of thrust.
1754	what is the name of the dish that has a recipe of opencola?	  There is no such dish with an OpenCola recipe.
1755	which radio programs have the subject of clarance thomas?	  There are no radio programs specifically about Clarence Thomas. However, he has been featured in a number of radio programs and interviews, including NPR's "Fresh Air," BBC Radio 4's "The Long View," and the BBC World Service's "Global Questions."
1756	which game supports m68000?	  The Sega Genesis video game console supports the M68000 processor.
1757	what theater company produced hitchcock blonde and is a private company limited by shares?	  The theater company that produced Hitchcock Blonde is called Hitchcock Blonde Productions Ltd. It is a private company limited by shares.
1758	lisp was designed by who?	  John McCarthy
1759	the smallest amount of energy in joules per kilogram is in which unit of specific energy?	  The smallest amount of energy in joules per kilogram is in the unit of specific energy called the joule per kilogram (J/kg).
1760	anguillan is included in what guidebook?	  The Michelin Guide.
1761	degree measures plane angle units in what measurement unit?	  Degrees (°).
1762	ard patrick shares a gender with how many illustrators?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of illustrators who share a gender with Patrick Stewart will vary depending on the gender of Patrick Stewart.
1763	which legal case has a subject of amendment?	  The legal case of District of Columbia v. Heller (2008) has a subject of the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution.
1764	1.0 unit of energy in joules per kilogram is expressed by which unit of specific energy?	  The unit of specific energy is joules per kilogram (J/kg).
1765	the measurement system used by ohm centimeter uses what unit of area?	  The unit of area used by the ohm centimeter measurement system is square centimeters (cm2).
1766	what napa county wine is 13.9 percent alcohol by volume?	  There is no single answer to this question as the alcohol content of wines can vary greatly depending on the specific variety and winemaker.
1767	what locomotive class was manufactured by the company pacer?	  The Pacer series locomotives were built by General Electric and are classified as GE B23-7 locomotives.
1768	1.0 grays per second represents which unit of dose rate absorbed?	  Gray per second (Gy/s) is a unit of absorbed dose rate, which is a measure of the radiation dose absorbed by a material per unit of time.
1769	what are some of the breed temperaments of the cavalier king charles spaniel?	  -Loving -Affectionate -Gentle -Playful -Friendly -Energetic -Adaptable -Loyal -Calm -Intelligent
1770	what literary series was authored by patricia barnes-svarney?	  Patricia Barnes-Svarney is the author of the "Mapping the World" series of books, which explores the history and geography of different regions of the world.
1771	mjt apis is used on what website?	  The MJT API is used on websites that need to access the MJT database, which is a database of medical journal titles and abbreviations. It is used to help ensure accuracy when searching for journal titles and abbreviations.
1772	what's the cycle of bipropellant rocket engines with at least 1.4896e+06 thrust at sea level?	  The cycle of a bipropellant rocket engine with at least 1.4896e+06 thrust at sea level is typically a closed-loop cycle. This cycle begins with the intake of the oxidizer and fuel, followed by the mixing of the two components in the combustion chamber. The mixture is then ignited, creating an exothermic reaction that generates thrust. The exhaust gases are then expelled through the nozzle, creating a thrust vector. Finally, the exhaust gases are vented to the atmosphere.
1773	which version released in the north american continent supports the xb360?	  The Xbox 360 was released in North America on November 22, 2005.
1774	ischaemia is the symptom of what medical condition?	  Ischemia is a lack of blood flow to an organ or tissue, typically due to a blockage. It can be caused by a number of conditions, such as coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease, and stroke.
1775	what video games feature nigel mansell's grand prix in their gameplay?	  1. Grand Prix 2 (1992) 2. Nigel Mansell's World Championship Racing (1993) 3. F1 Grand Prix (1995) 4. F1 World Grand Prix (1998) 5. F1 World Grand Prix II (1999) 6. F1 World Grand Prix: Season 2000 (2000) 7. F1 World Grand Prix (2001) 8. F1 2002 (2002) 9. F1 Challenge '99-'02 (2002) 10. F1 Career Challenge (2004)
1776	on 2011-01-10, which radio program was broadcasted for the first time?	  The first episode of the BBC Radio 4 drama series The Archers was broadcast on January 1, 1951.
1777	which video game publisher published captain tsubasa vol. ii: super striker?	  Konami published Captain Tsubasa Vol. II: Super Striker.
1778	mtmb1 was the subject of what written work?	  MTMB1 was the subject of a research paper written by scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles, titled "MTMB1, a Novel Transcription Factor Regulating Human Tumor Suppressor Genes". The paper was published in the journal Nature Communications in April 2016.
1779	the video game mod that uses the game engine quake 3 engine was made by what video game developer?	  id Software.
1780	tutelo language is spoken by what ethnicity of people?	  The Tutelo language is spoken by the Tutelo people, an Iroquoian-speaking ethnic group native to the southeastern United States.
1781	the locomotive that has the largest number of completed locomotives is called what?	  The largest number of completed locomotives is often attributed to the General Electric (GE) Evolution Series.
1782	what is the unit of energy used in the same measurement system that uses the becquerels to measure radioactivity?	  The unit of energy used in the same measurement system that uses becquerels to measure radioactivity is the joule.
1783	what conference is associated with the same venue as electronic entertainment expo 2010?	  The 2010 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center. Other conferences that are regularly held at this venue include the Los Angeles Auto Show, Anime Expo, and the Los Angeles Comic Con.
1784	dengue fever and related conditions are treated by which specialty of medical providers?	  Dengue fever and related conditions are typically treated by infectious disease specialists or tropical medicine specialists.
1785	what event in fiction is in ennina?	  Ennina is a fantasy novel by author and illustrator J.R.R. Tolkien. The story follows the adventures of Ennina, a young elf who is sent on a quest to save her kingdom. She must battle dangerous creatures, traverse treacherous lands, and discover the truth about her past. Along the way, she meets a variety of characters and encounters a variety of events, including dragons, magical creatures, and epic battles.
1786	the catalytic concentration unit of a katal per cubic metre belongs to what measurement system?	  The katal per cubic metre is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
1787	which video game engine did infinity ward develop?	  Infinity Ward developed the IW Engine, which is a proprietary game engine used in the Call of Duty series.
1788	name the aviation incident involving 23 crews	  The Air France Flight 447 crash. On June 1, 2009, Air France Flight 447, an Airbus A330-203, crashed into the Atlantic Ocean while en route from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to Paris, France, killing all 228 passengers and crew on board.
1789	name of the language spoken in fiction kashyyyk?	  Kashyyykian
1790	who is the producer of a radio program on fraud detection?	  The answer to this question will depend on the specific radio program in question. Generally, radio programs have a producer responsible for managing the production of the show, including scheduling interviews and other content, coordinating the technical aspects of production, and overseeing the overall quality of the show.
1791	what amount of comic book writers have a profession of screenwriter?	  This is difficult to answer, as there is no definitive data on the exact number of comic book writers who have a profession of screenwriter. However, many comic book writers have gone on to become successful screenwriters, including Stan Lee, Joss Whedon, and Frank Miller.
1792	find rocket engines that can thrust 26460.0	N  The Aerojet Rocketdyne RL10A-4-2 is one example of a rocket engine that can thrust 26460.0N. This engine is a liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen rocket engine used in a variety of applications, including the Centaur upper stage of the Atlas V launch vehicle.
1793	in the international system of units, what units are used for volumetric heat capacity?	  In the International System of Units (SI), the units of volumetric heat capacity are joules per cubic meter per kelvin (J/m3·K).
1794	duberry cheese has the same texture as which goat milk cheese?	  The texture of Dunberry cheese is most similar to that of Chevre, a soft, creamy goat milk cheese.
1795	what image was created first?	  The first image created was the Cave Paintings, which were created by early humans around 40,000 years ago.
1796	which radio program had a final broadcast on 12/31/1982?	  The final broadcast of the legendary radio program A Prairie Home Companion was on December 31, 1982.
1797	which poem character appears in the devine comedy?	  The character Dante Alighieri appears in the Divine Comedy.
1798	in what measurement system is the wavenumber unit reciprocal metre?	  The wavenumber unit is measured in the SI (International System of Units) system, with the unit being reciprocal metres (m^-1).
1799	zeta is the successor of what platform?	  Zeta is the successor of the Zoho Creator platform.
1800	which unit of amount concentration was used to measure in international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the unit mole per cubic meter (mol/m3) to measure amount concentration.
1801	to which class does western ambassador belong?	  Western Ambassador is a brand of luxury motor coaches manufactured by Prevost Car, a Canadian company.
1802	what game version for the nintendo gamecube controller supports the europe region?	  The Nintendo GameCube Controller supports the European region on all versions.
1803	the latest released version of the game arkedo studio was published in what region?	  Arkedo Studio's latest released game was published in Europe.
1804	in measurement system international system of units what is the unit of specific energy?	  The unit of specific energy in the International System of Units (SI) is the joule per kilogram (J/kg).
1805	british rail engineering limited builds how many electric locomotive classes?	  British Rail Engineering Limited (BREL) has built a total of thirty-two electric locomotive classes.
1806	what is the xbox 360 kinect game version that supports the north american continent region?	  The Xbox 360 Kinect Game version that supports the North American continent region is Kinect Adventures.
1807	the fort wayne children's zoo falls under what category?	  The Fort Wayne Children's Zoo falls under the category of zoological parks.
1808	planck unit system coins what as the unit of charge?	  The Planck unit system uses the elementary charge (e) as the unit of charge.
1809	hitachi builds what class of locomotives?	  Hitachi builds diesel-electric and electric locomotives.
1810	how does the international system of units measure magnetic flux?	  The international system of units (SI) measures magnetic flux in units of the weber (Wb). One weber is defined as the amount of magnetic flux that is linked with an electric circuit to produce an electromotive force of one volt.
1811	who published the video game ko seiki beast sanjūshi: gaia no fukkatsu?	  The video game Ko Seiki Beast Sanjūshi: Gaia no Fukkatsu was published by Banpresto.
1812	arc system works published which video game version?	  The original Pac-Man arcade game was released in 1980.
1813	what locomotive class has the smallest (mm) gauge?	  The smallest (mm) gauge locomotive class is the Micro-Trains Z Scale, which has a gauge of 6.5mm.
1814	the shoujocon has what as the conference subject?	  The Shoujocon Conference typically focuses on topics related to Japanese animation, manga, video games, and other aspects of Japanese culture.
1815	which unit of length is affiliated with a measurement system whose mass units include drams?	  The apothecaries' system of measurement. The unit of length associated with this system is the scruple, which is equal to 1/3 of a dram.
1816	how many comic book writers are professional retailers?	  It is difficult to answer this question definitively, as there is no definitive list of professional comic book writers who are also professional retailers. However, it is likely that there are some professional comic book writers who also own or manage comic book stores.
1817	what is the quotation that appeared in the paradox of the visibly irrelevant?	  "The visible is irrelevant to the invisible, yet the invisible is relevant to the visible."
1818	what subject is discussed in the conference "dagstuhl seminar on information visualization 2010?"	  The Dagstuhl Seminar on Information Visualization 2010 discussed topics related to the theory and practice of data visualization, including the design of visualizations, the evaluation of visualizations, and the development of new visualization techniques.
1819	name the main subject of stravinsky '75?	  The main subject of Stravinsky '75 is the celebration of the 75th anniversary of the composer Igor Stravinsky's birth.
1820	millisecond was used as luminance unit in which measurement system?	  The candela per square meter (cd/m2) measurement system.
1821	which chefs speak the same language as the prince?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing which language the prince speaks.
1822	infosecurity can be found in which conference series?	  The Infosecurity Europe conference series is the largest of its kind in Europe. It provides an annual platform for the global infosecurity community to come together and discuss the latest trends and technologies in the industry.
1823	wb has the magnetic flux units which measurement system?	  The magnetic flux units in the SI (International System of Units) system of measurement are the Weber (Wb).
1824	peripherals supported by mikro-plus are had by which video game version?	  Mikro-Plus supports the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC versions of the game.
1825	what was the game that came before star control 2?	  The original Star Control game.
1826	the lowest of all oxidzer/fuel ratio's belongs to which bipropellant rocket engine?	  The lowest of all oxidizer/fuel ratio's belongs to the RD-180 bipropellant rocket engine.
1827	what is the number of video games designed by mark rogers?	  There is no definitive answer to this question, as Mark Rogers has not publicly disclosed how many video games he has designed.
1828	8000.0 rate in bits per second is for what unit of data transmission rate?	  8000.0 bits per second is equal to 1 kilobit per second (Kbps).
1829	the warlock wears three faces!" is found in what type of fictional setting?	  Fantasy
1830	coulomb per cubic metre refers to what unit?	  Coulomb per cubic metre is a unit of electric charge density.
1831	which time zone has a dst offset from utc more than -6.0?	  The time zone with a DST offset from UTC more than -6.0 is the Chatham Islands Time Zone (UTC+12:45).
1832	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 1.67?	  Giraffe
1833	christopher glenn is in what radio program episode?	  Christopher Glenn was a guest on the radio program "The John Batchelor Show" on June 5, 2017. The episode was titled "Christopher Glenn: The Digital Disruption of the Banking Industry."
1834	what software has genres that include ai and intelligent personal assistant?	  1. Siri (Apple) 2. Alexa (Amazon) 3. Cortana (Microsoft) 4. Google Assistant (Google) 5. Viv (Samsung) 6. Hound (SoundHound) 7. Dragon (Nuance) 8. Mycroft (Mycroft AI) 9. Watson (IBM) 10. Clara (Clara Labs)
1835	how many contraindications does temazepam have?	  Temazepam has several potential contraindications, including an allergy to the medication, a history of drug or alcohol abuse, liver or kidney disease, depression, and glaucoma. It should also not be taken with certain other medications, such as antidepressants, antifungals, and antihistamines.
1836	what is the name for the mesures usuelles of length?	  The standard units of length are meters (m), feet (ft), and inches (in).
1837	what is the gameplay mode of warhammer 40,000: dawn of war – dark crusade?	  The game mode for Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War – Dark Crusade is a real-time strategy game. Players must build up their armies, collect resources, and battle against enemy forces in order to complete objectives.
1838	the lyrics to beauty and the beast were written by who?	  The lyrics to "Beauty and the Beast" were written by Howard Ashman and Alan Menken.
1839	cnn.com has which website been initiated from it?	  CNN.com is the main website for the Cable News Network (CNN), an American news-based pay television channel owned by WarnerMedia.
1840	what albums did brian tarquin compose?	  Brian Tarquin has composed a variety of albums, including:  1. Electric Liquid: The Brian Tarquin Collection 2. Guitarscapes 3. High Tension Wires 4. Heavy Hitter 5. Guitar Dreams 6. Jazzmasters: The Ultimate Collection 7. The Best of Brian Tarquin 8. Grooveology 9. Soul Surfing 10. The Chill Lounge 11. Hollywood Dreams 12. B3 Blues & Groove 13. Latin Groove 14. The Best of Grooveology 15. Re-Grooved 16. Guitar Masters 17. Guitar Masters II 18. The Best of Jazzmasters 19. Jazz Masters III 20. High Strung
1841	jacques lacan can be found in which conference series?	  Jacques Lacan's work has been discussed in a number of conferences and symposia, including the International Lacan Seminar, the International Symposium of the Lacanian School, and the International Conference on Lacanian Psychoanalysis.
1842	the text at the core of hidden christians of japan and honored by family worship practitioners is what?	  The core text of the Hidden Christians of Japan and honored by family worship practitioners is the Bible, particularly the New Testament. The Hidden Christians also held a deep reverence for the Virgin Mary, and they often prayed the rosary.
1843	which gameplay mode is the video game that supports the peripheral joy stick?	  The video game would most likely support an Arcade Mode or a Flight Simulator Mode, as these are the two most common gameplay modes that are designed to work with a joystick peripheral.
1844	the guage (mm) 1668.0 is in what locomotive class?	  This is not a valid question as there is no standard gauge for locomotives. Different countries, and even different railway lines, have different gauge sizes.
1845	what is the name of the people who invented chemgrass?	  The inventors of ChemGrass, also known as AstroTurf, are James M. Faria and Robert T. Wright.
1846	what is the unit of radioactivity with the highest radioactivity in becquerels?	  The unit of radioactivity with the highest radioactivity in Becquerels is the Curie (Ci).
1847	in international system of units, what is the unit for volumetric flow rate?	  The unit for volumetric flow rate in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per second (m3/s).
1848	which video game version has the peripherals supported by wii motionplus?	  The Wii MotionPlus is supported by all versions of the Wii console.
1849	the turtle whirl ride is located at which amusement park?	  The Turtle Whirl ride is located at Six Flags America in Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
1850	which tropical cyclone has a speed of at least 125.0?	  The strongest tropical cyclone on record is Cyclone Amphan, which had wind speeds of up to 165 mph (265 km/h).
1851	konami digital entertainment co., ltd. created how many video game compilations?	  Konami Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd. has released over 40 video game compilations.
1852	what are the unit of frequency in measurement system year?	  The unit of frequency in the measurement system year is Hertz (Hz).
1853	in the international system of units in this measurement system which is the capacitance unit?	  The capacitance unit in the International System of Units (SI) is the farad (F).
1854	the planck unit system has what unit of charge?	  The Planck unit system has the Planck charge, which is equal to the square root of 4π times the elementary charge (approximately 1.8755×10−18 Coulombs).
1855	christopher blackett owns what kind of locomotive?	  Christopher Blackett owns a 0-4-0T Steam Locomotive.
1856	bbc radio theatre hosted what conference?	  BBC Radio Theatre has not hosted any conferences.
1857	what number of units of volume are associated with the measurement system that includes the unit ampere per metre?	  There are no units of volume associated with the measurement system that includes the unit ampere per metre. This measurement system is used to measure electric current density.
1858	alexander wilson drake found which organization?	  Alexander Wilson Drake founded the American Association for the Study and Prevention of Infant Mortality in 1912.
1859	name the unit of resistivity which is considered under the international system of units measurement system.	  The unit of resistivity under the International System of Units (SI) is the ohm-meter (Ω⋅m).
1860	steve buscemi was the same ethnicity of which astronaut ?	  Steve Buscemi is an American actor and filmmaker, not an astronaut.
1861	the international system of units includes what unit of luminous intensity?	  The international system of units includes the candela (cd) as the unit of luminous intensity.
1862	ganciclovir has been tested for which medical trial?	  Ganciclovir has been tested in clinical trials for the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infections, including CMV retinitis, a viral eye infection that can cause blindness.
1863	ps1 belongs to what video game platform?	  PlayStation 1 (PS1) is a video game console released by Sony in 1994.
1864	los angeles convention center hosted what conference?	  The Los Angeles Convention Center has hosted a variety of conferences and events, including the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3), the Anime Expo, the Los Angeles Auto Show, the Los Angeles Comic Con, the Los Angeles Times Festival of Books, the Los Angeles Travel & Adventure Show, the Los Angeles International Film Festival, the Los Angeles Marathon, the Los Angeles Food & Wine Festival, the Los Angeles Music & Art Festival, and the Los Angeles Marathon Expo.
1865	english units is the unit of length in what?	  English units of length are typically measured in inches, feet, yards, and miles.
1866	when the radiance unit is watt per square metre per steradian, what unit of measurement for length?	  Meters.
1867	the si base unit of data transfer rates is what unit of data transmission rate?	  The SI base unit of data transfer rate is the bit per second (bps).
1868	for the measure system used in kilometer per hour as a form of speed, what does it use to measure density?	  Kilometer per hour does not measure density. Density is usually measured in kilograms per cubic meter (kg/m3).
1869	what video game did jeffrey kaplan design?	  Jeffrey Kaplan is best known for his work on the popular multiplayer shooter game Overwatch, which he co-created and designed.
1870	a length of 1.5708 meters is the equivalent of what unit of measurement?	  The equivalent unit of measurement would be 5 feet.
1871	what types of building did pier carlo bontempi build?	  Pier Carlo Bontempi is an Italian architect who has designed a variety of buildings, including residential and commercial properties, public spaces, educational facilities, and religious buildings. He has worked on projects in Italy, Europe, the United Kingdom, and the United States. His portfolio includes a range of styles, from modernist to classical. Notable projects include the Palazzo della Borsa in Milan, the Palazzo della Provincia in Rome, and the new wing of the Royal Academy of Arts in London.
1872	white-faced whistling duck is an exhibit at what zoo?	  The white-faced whistling duck can be found at many zoos, including the San Diego Zoo, the Los Angeles Zoo, the Houston Zoo, and the Bronx Zoo.
1873	tell me the shape of galaxies that share a classification code with m110?	  M110 is classified as an unbarred spiral galaxy, so other galaxies that share its classification code will also be unbarred spiral galaxies.
1874	what monterey county wine is 14.2 percent alcohol by volume?	  Monterey County does not have a specific wine that is 14.2 percent alcohol by volume. However, there are many wines produced in Monterey County that are around 14.2 percent alcohol by volume, such as Merlot, Pinot Noir, Chardonnay, and Sauvignon Blanc.
1875	which star system belongs to the category and which is the subcategories of brown dwarf star?	  Brown dwarfs are a category of star-like objects that are too small to sustain the nuclear fusion of hydrogen in their cores that is necessary to be classified as a star. They are sub-divided into several sub-categories based on their mass and temperature. These sub-categories include:  -L dwarfs: These are the least massive and coolest of the brown dwarfs, with temperatures ranging from about 2,500 to 3,500 K and masses between about 0.01 and 0.08 solar masses.  -T dwarfs: These are slightly more massive and hotter than L dwarfs, with temperatures ranging from about 1,400 to 2,500 K and masses between about 0.08 and 0.2 solar masses.  -Y dwarfs: These are the most massive and hottest of the brown dwarfs, with temperatures ranging from about 400 to 1,400 K and masses between about 0.2 and 0.6 solar masses.
1876	hour was used as luminace unit for what type of measurement system?	  The foot-candle-hour was used as a luminance unit in the foot-candle measurement system.
1877	which character who has the ability of tracking by heat had an item that was eventually destroyed by swordsmen?	  The character is Hawkeye from the Marvel universe. His item, a bow, was destroyed by the Swordsman in the Avengers #19 comic.
1878	a stream mouth is a subcategory of what geographical feature?	  A stream mouth is a subcategory of a water body.
1879	nelson and which astronaut have the same ethnicity?	  Astronaut Ellen Ochoa is the first Hispanic woman in space. She is of Mexican descent.
1880	which featured artist has the recordings of all the things she said (dave ramone remix)?	  The featured artist on the Dave Ramone Remix of "All The Things She Said" is t.A.T.u.
1881	what locomotive is owned by east japan railway?	  East Japan Railway Company (JR East) owns a variety of diesel and electric locomotives, including the EH200, EH500, EH800, ED79, ED75, ED70, ED61, ED58, ED55, ED50, ED48, ED45, ED40, ED37, ED31, ED26, ED22, ED18, ED16, ED11, ED10, ED7, ED4, and ED1.
1882	what gameplay mode is used in the musical game with a version of we cheer?	  The game mode used in We Cheer is called "Cheer Battle." This mode allows players to compete against each other in a dance-off, where they must perform the dance moves in time with the music.
1883	mysterious adventures series supports what video games?	  The Mysterious Adventures series supports a variety of video game platforms, including PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and mobile devices.
1884	the processor texas instruments omap is used in what computer system?	  The Texas Instruments OMAP processor is used in a variety of mobile devices, including smartphones, tablets, and embedded systems. It is used in smartphones from companies such as Motorola, Samsung, and HTC, as well as in tablets from companies such as Apple, Dell, and Amazon. It is also used in a variety of embedded systems, such as in-car navigation systems, digital picture frames, and medical devices.
1885	what's the measurement system that uses ohm as resistance units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the ohm (Ω) as the unit of resistance.
1886	becquerels is the radioactivity unit in which measurement system?	  Becquerels are the radioactivity unit in the International System of Units (SI).
1887	cryengine uses what video game engines?	  CryEngine is a proprietary game engine developed by Crytek, the creators of the Far Cry, Crysis, and Ryse: Son of Rome series of video games. It is used for the development of computer and video games, and is available for Microsoft Windows, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and Nintendo Switch.
1888	micro cars has what parent company?	  The parent company of micro cars is Mahindra & Mahindra.
1889	the rail gauge that has the most maximum width is called what?	  The widest rail gauge is called the broad gauge.
1890	what is a mod for the video game entitled battlezone ii: combat commander?	  Battlezone II: Combat Commander is a classic real-time strategy game, and there are several mods available for the game. The most popular mod is the Unofficial Patch, which adds many bug fixes, balance changes, and new features to the game. Other popular mods include the Campaigns and Maps Pack, which adds new maps and campaigns to the game, and the AI Improvement Mod, which improves the game's AI.
1891	in the international system of units, what is the unit of viscosity?	  The unit of viscosity in the International System of Units (SI) is the pascal-second (Pa·s).
1892	international system of units uses what to measure?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the seven base units of length, mass, time, electric current, temperature, amount of substance, and luminous intensity to measure physical quantities.
1893	what satellite has a power of 4400.0 ?	  There is no single satellite with a power of 4400.0. The power of a satellite depends on its type, purpose, and size, among other factors.
1894	gzip file format is supported on how many computing platforms?	  Gzip file format is supported on all major computing platforms, including Windows, Mac, and Linux.
1895	rollin' is a recording done by which featured artist?	  Rollin' is a song by American rapper Limp Bizkit, featuring American nu metal band Korn and American rapper Method Man.
1896	name the railways that are in the network denver and rio grande western railroad.	  1. Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad 2. Union Pacific Railroad 3. Kansas City Southern Railway 4. BNSF Railway 5. Canadian National Railway 6. Amtrak 7. Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway 8. Norfolk Southern Railway 9. CSX Transportation 10. Grand Trunk Western Railroad
1897	what is the name of the family of a computer processor that is also a variant of intel 8052?	  The Intel 8052 is part of the Intel 8051 family of processors.
1898	which rail gauge has the smallest width of no less than 1520.0?	  The narrowest standard gauge railway track in the world is the 600 mm (1 ft 11 5⁄8 in) gauge track. It is commonly known as the "Cape gauge" and is used in South Africa, Namibia, and parts of Brazil and Australia.
1899	sengoku rance has been an influence on what?	  Sengoku Rance has been an influence on many aspects of Japanese culture, including video games, anime, manga, and literature. It has also been credited as an influence on the popular otome game series Hakuoki and its anime adaptations. It has also been cited as an influence on the popular Japanese strategy game series Koei Tecmo's Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
1900	which frequency unit is the biggest when using hertz?	  Hertz is the smallest frequency unit, so there is no "biggest" frequency unit when using hertz.
1901	what is the wine that belongs to napa county wines, has 13.9 percentage of alcohol?	  A popular Napa County wine with 13.9% alcohol is Cabernet Sauvignon.
1902	which class does br standard class 7 70000 britannia belong to?	  The BR Standard Class 7 70000 Britannia belongs to the BR Standard Class 7 locomotive class.
1903	what is the number of fictional groups created in the buffy the vampire slayer?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the Buffy the Vampire Slayer universe is expansive and includes many different fictional groups.
1904	list what is used to measure unit of surface density in the international system of units.	  The unit of surface density in the International System of Units (SI) is the kilogram per square meter (kg/m²).
1905	in which measurement system becquerels is the radioactivity unit?	  The becquerel (Bq) is the SI unit of radioactivity.
1906	which video game rating system has a content descriptor of gambling?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) has a content descriptor of "Simulated Gambling" for video games.
1907	stardust crusaders continues which comic book series?	  JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Stardust Crusaders is the third story arc of the manga series JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, written and illustrated by Hirohiko Araki. It follows the story of Jotaro Kujo, the grandson of Joseph Joestar, as he and his allies travel across the world to Cairo in order to save his mother's life by defeating the vampire DIO.
1908	what kind of input method is used in a musical game published by activision publishing, inc.?	  The input method used in a musical game published by Activision Publishing, Inc. will depend on the specific game. Generally, these games are played using a controller, keyboard, or touchscreen.
1909	python has the same ride type as which roller coaster?	  Python is a steel roller coaster manufactured by Vekoma. It is a Suspended Looping Coaster, which is a type of roller coaster that features a suspended train of cars that are suspended below the track.
1910	which is the unit of energy used in the same measurement system as becquerels for measure of radioactivity?	  The unit of energy used in the same measurement system as becquerels is the joule.
1911	which video game developer developed gunblaze	  GunBlaze was developed by SNK Corporation, a Japanese video game developer and publisher.
1912	what video games are under the cricket genre?	  1. Don Bradman Cricket 17 2. Ashes Cricket 3. Cricket 19 4. Big Bash Boom 5. Stick Cricket Super League 6. International Cricket Captain 7. Cricket Revolution 8. Cricket Coach 9. Cricket Captain 2017 10. Stick Cricket Academy
1913	which unit of moment of force is the si base unit of torques?	  The SI base unit of torque is the newton meter (N·m).
1914	all, or the greatest part of men that have aspired to riches or power, have attained thereunto either by force or fraud, and what they have by craft or cruelty gained, to cover the foulness of their fact, they call purchase, as a name more honest. howsoever, he that for want of will or wit useth not those means, must rest in servitude and poverty. is part of what quote?	  "For all, or the greatest part of men that have aspired to riches or power, have attained thereunto either by force or fraud, and what they have by craft or cruelty gained, to cover the foulness of their fact, they call purchase, as a name more honest. Howsoever, he that for want of will or wit useth not those means, must rest in servitude and poverty."
1915	which input method is used in a musical game published by nintendo co. ltd.?	  The input method used in a musical game published by Nintendo Co. Ltd. will depend on the specific game. Generally, Nintendo games use either a controller, motion controls, or touchscreen controls.
1916	what track has the number 1010?	  The track with number 1010 is "Symphony No. 9 in D Minor, Op. 125: IV. Presto" by Ludwig van Beethoven.
1917	what video games were released on the game gear platform?	  Some of the most popular video games released on the Game Gear platform include Sonic the Hedgehog, Columns, Super Monaco GP, Mortal Kombat, Lemmings, Shinobi, The GG Shinobi II, Streets of Rage, Sonic Chaos, and Castle of Illusion.
1918	what medical trial design using methadone effects on zidovudine (zdv, azt) disposition has the lowest number of expected total enrollment?	  The lowest number of expected total enrollment for a medical trial design using methadone effects on zidovudine (zdv, azt) disposition would be a single-arm study. This type of study would involve a single group of participants who are administered the treatment and monitored for changes in zidovudine disposition. This type of study does not require a control group and thus would have the lowest number of expected total enrollment.
1919	zx spectrum snapshot encompasses what file format types?	  ZX Spectrum snapshot files typically use the .SNA file extension and are stored in the Z80 format.
1920	what is the organism which has a height larger than 4.25?	  The organism with a height larger than 4.25 is the African elephant, which can reach heights of up to 13 feet.
1921	both heroes chronicles: the sword of frost and heroes chronicles: revolt of the beastmasters were designed by what video game designer?	  The Heroes Chronicles series was designed by Jon Van Caneghem, the creator of the Might and Magic series.
1922	which unit of volume is used ininternational system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the liter (L) as the unit of volume.
1923	temperature is measured by what measuring instruments?	  Thermometers are the most common instrument used to measure temperature. Other instruments used to measure temperature include thermocouples, resistance temperature detectors (RTDs), thermistors, and infrared thermometers.
1924	name the camera uncompressed format of the olympus e-5.	  The Olympus E-5 camera supports the RAW (ORF) format.
1925	who is the 19th vice president?	  The 19th Vice President of the United States was John C. Breckinridge, who served from 1857 to 1861.
1926	name the adaptation adapted from adapted work that is an adaptation from war and peace.	  War and Peace: The Adaptation
1927	what unit of viscosity does the international system of units use?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the Pascal-second (Pa·s) as the unit of dynamic viscosity.
1928	how many railway terminuses are terminuses of cumbres and toltec scenic railroad?	  There are two railway terminuses of the Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad: Antonito, Colorado, and Chama, New Mexico.
1929	name of the video game version that has the peripherals supported by nintendo gamecube controller?	  The Nintendo GameCube Controller is compatible with the Nintendo GameCube and Wii video game systems. It is also compatible with the Wii U system, but only when playing games that specifically support the GameCube controller. The most popular game titles that are compatible with the GameCube controller are Super Smash Bros. Melee, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Mario Kart: Double Dash!!, Mario Party 4-7, and The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess.
1930	what's the video game mod for warcraft 3: reign of chaos?	  The most popular mod for Warcraft 3: Reign of Chaos is Defense of the Ancients (DotA). DotA is a custom map for Warcraft 3 and is the basis for the popular MOBA (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena) genre.
1931	what is the total number of spacecrafts manufactured by jet propulsion lab and ball aerospace and technologies corp.?	  Unfortunately, this information is not publicly available.
1932	list the apis which utilize xmpp.	  1. Google Talk 2. WhatsApp 3. Jabber 4. ejabberd 5. Openfire 6. Tigase 7. Prosody 8. ChatSecure 9. Smack 10. Conversations
1933	where are clubs with nordic walking as an area of interest?	  Nordic walking clubs can be found in most major cities around the world. Many health clubs and gyms offer classes and instruction in the sport, as well as organized group walks. Local parks and recreation departments often offer organized walks and classes as well. Additionally, there are many websites, such as Nordic Walking USA, that provide resources for locating clubs and classes near you.
1934	which video game engine was created by dice los angeles	  The Frostbite game engine was created by DICE Los Angeles.
1935	what religious text is association with religions that practice the bible study?	  The Bible is the religious text most commonly associated with religions that practice Bible study.
1936	what medical trial design using rapid evaluation of amantadine for treatment of cocaine abuse/dependence – 4 has the lowest number of expected total enrollment?	  A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with four arms would be the most appropriate medical trial design for rapid evaluation of amantadine for treatment of cocaine abuse/dependence. Each arm would include a different number of participants, with the arm with the lowest number of expected total enrollment being the four-arm design. This design would include one arm receiving amantadine, one arm receiving a placebo, one arm receiving both amantadine and a placebo, and one arm receiving neither amantadine nor a placebo.
1937	how many video game distribution systems are supported by ios ?	  There are currently three video game distribution systems supported by iOS: Apple Arcade, the App Store, and the Apple TV App Store.
1938	what video game developer developed the sonic gems collection game and version of dynamite duke game?	  The video game developer that developed the Sonic Gems Collection game and version of Dynamite Duke game is Sega.
1939	the time unit milliwatt is part of what measurement system?	  The time unit milliwatt is part of the International System of Units (SI).
1940	the video game dawn of mana has what soundtrack?	  The soundtrack for Dawn of Mana was composed by Kenji Ito. It featured a mix of orchestral and rock music. The soundtrack was released as a two-disc album in Japan in 2006.
1941	which unit of inverse temperature has the measurement system with exposure units of coulomb per kilogram?	  The unit of inverse temperature in this measurement system is Joules per Coulomb (J/C).
1942	what is the tv season with the same rating as rock n' roll stories, season 1?	  Rock n' Roll Stories, Season 1 has a rating of 8.6/10 on IMDb.
1943	worldofwarcraft was designed by what designer?	  World of Warcraft was designed by Rob Pardo, who was the Vice President of Game Design at Blizzard Entertainment.
1944	viral illness is a result of which infectious disease?	  Viral illnesses can be caused by a variety of infectious diseases, including influenza, the common cold, HIV/AIDS, and many others.
1945	the odyssey of homer episode three contains what radio program?	  The Odyssey of Homer Episode Three was part of the National Public Radio program, The Odyssey.
1946	when a tropical cyclone has a beaufort force 11, what category is it considered to be in?	  A tropical cyclone with a Beaufort Force 11 is considered to be a Category 4 hurricane.
1947	which measurement system was centisecond used as luminance unit?	  The centisecond was used as a luminance unit in the CGS (centimeter-gram-second) system of measurement.
1948	what unit of inverse temperature means the temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins is greater or equal to 1e-06?	  1e-06 inverse kelvins is equivalent to 1e+06 kelvins.
1949	what religious text is part of east asian religions?	  The most prominent religious texts in East Asian religions are the Confucian Analects, Tao Te Ching, and Buddhist scriptures such as the Lotus Sutra.
1950	how many types of places of worship are associated with ancient egyptian religion?	  There were four main types of places of worship associated with ancient Egyptian religion: temples, tombs, shrines, and chapels.
1951	of all the stars, which ones have an average orbital speed that is less than or equal to 225.0?	  The stars with an average orbital speed less than or equal to 225.0 are Sirius A, Procyon A, Alpha Centauri A, and Altair.
1952	how many video games has mark rogers designed?	  Mark Rogers has not designed any video games.
1953	which video game developer created farmer jack and the hedge monkeys!?	  The video game developer that created Farmer Jack and the Hedge Monkeys is Sillysoft Games.
1954	the song added after 03/12/2009 to guitar hero: world tour was what?	  The song added after 03/12/2009 to Guitar Hero: World Tour was "Tick Tick Boom" by The Hives.
1955	of theater companies that are a private company limited by shares, which produced a girl in a car with a man?	  Unfortunately, there are no specific theater companies that fit the criteria you have provided. However, there are a number of private theater companies that produce plays, musicals, and other theatrical works. Some examples include:  -The Old Vic Theatre Company -The Almeida Theatre Company -The Donmar Warehouse -The Royal Court Theatre -The Young Vic -The National Theatre Company -The Royal Shakespeare Company -The Bush Theatre -The Lyric Hammersmith -The Globe Theatre
1956	what observatory has a telescope platform of terrestrial?	  The Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) in Chile has a telescope platform of terrestrial.
1957	breakout has been an influence on what?	  Breakout has been an influence on many different aspects of gaming, including the development of the modern platformer genre, the design of the classic Atari 2600 console, and the development of game engines such as Unity and Unreal. Additionally, it has been credited with inspiring the design of many classic arcade games, such as Arkanoid, Space Invaders, and Asteroids.
1958	outer harbor railway line is part of what rail network?	  The Outer Harbor railway line is part of the Adelaide Metro rail network in South Australia.
1959	what ship builder built japanese submarine i-19?	  Mitsubishi Heavy Industries.
1960	who published the book that henryk goldszmit contributed to?	  The book that Henryk Goldszmit contributed to was titled "The Secret of Childhood" and was published by the Macmillan Company in 1936.
1961	which unit is represented by 1.0 coulombs per square meter?	  Electric field strength.
1962	eros platière is the same breed as what domesticated animal?	  The Platière is a breed of domesticated sheep.
1963	3d seiddab attack is supported by which class of computer peripherals?	  3D Seiddab Attack is supported by specialized computer peripherals such as 3D scanners, 3D cameras, and 3D printers. These peripherals are used to capture and create three-dimensional objects, which can then be used to create a 3D Seiddab Attack.
1964	matrimony practitioners honor which core text of eastern christians?	  The core text of Eastern Christians is the Bible, which includes both the Old and New Testaments.
1965	where can i find the genomic locus in chromosome mt (human)?	  The human mitochondrial genome is located on the mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) molecule. It is a circular, double-stranded DNA molecule that is located in the mitochondrial matrix. The mitochondrial DNA is not associated with any particular chromosomal locus.
1966	which materials are there in the universe of spider-man and captain america in doctor doom's revenge?	  Doctor Doom's Revenge features a variety of materials, including:  - Vibranium: A rare and powerful metal found in Wakanda, which is used to construct Captain America's shield.  - Adamantium: An indestructible metal alloy created by Doctor Doom, which is used to construct Spider-Man's webshooters.  - Uru: An enchanted metal found in Asgard, which is used to create Thor's hammer.  - Unstable Molecules: A special fabric that is used to create costumes for both Spider-Man and Captain America.  - Cosmic Cubes: An incredibly powerful artifact that can manipulate reality, which Doctor Doom seeks to use for his own evil ends.
1967	which video game version were published by red orb entertainment?	  Red Orb Entertainment published several versions of the video game "Star Control 3" in 1996.
1968	which tld registry registered verisign?	  Verisign is registered with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
1969	the character power for knuckles the echidna and lindsey mcdonald is what?	  Knuckles the Echidna: Knuckles has superhuman strength, speed, and agility, as well as the ability to glide and climb walls. He is also able to use the Chaos Energy to power up and transform into Hyper Knuckles.  Lindsey McDonald: Lindsey has the ability to use her telekinesis to manipulate objects and people. She can also project energy blasts and shields.
1970	what us the name of the conference series that focuses on international conference on computer graphics theory and applications (grapp)?	  The name of the conference series is International Conference on Computer Graphics Theory and Applications (GRAPP).
1971	what government agency is founded by someone who founded us department of defense? 	  The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) was founded by Dwight D. Eisenhower, who also founded the U.S. Department of Defense.
1972	what measurement system uses gill for volume?	  The Imperial system of measurement uses a gill for volume.
1973	space quest: vohaul strikes back uses what video game engine?	  Vohaul Strikes Back uses the Adventure Game Studio (AGS) engine.
1974	pathogens research facility is whose landscape project?	  The pathogens research facility landscape project was designed by the landscape architecture firm SWA Group.
1975	which video game engine does proceed adventure game interpreter?	  The Proceed Adventure Game Interpreter uses the Adventure Game Studio (AGS) engine.
1976	på minuten was on which episode of the radio program?	  "På minuten" was a segment of the Swedish radio program "Sommar i P1", which aired from June to August in 2019.
1977	what is the imperial system of units's unit of force?	  The imperial system of units' unit of force is the pound-force (lbf).
1978	which poem character appears in after aberjhani?	  The poem "After Aberjhani" does not feature any characters.
1979	which time unit is measured in the same measurement system with ampere per metre?	  The unit of measurement for amperes per metre is the ampere per metre (A/m). Other units in the same measurement system include coulombs per metre (C/m), volts per metre (V/m) and ohms per metre (Ω/m).
1980	what unit of energy represents 1.0 joules per mole?	  The unit of energy that represents 1.0 joules per mole is the kilojoule per mole (kJ/mol).
1981	what unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include pound?	  Inches.
1982	richard temple has who in it?	  Richard Temple has no one in it. Richard Temple is a historic house in the town of Cranbury, New Jersey. It was built in 1772 and is now a museum open to the public.
1983	what locomotives have a class of steam locomotives?	  The most common classes of steam locomotives are: 2-8-0 Consolidation, 4-6-2 Pacific, 4-8-2 Mountain, 2-10-0 Decapod, 2-6-2 Prairie, 4-4-2 Atlantic, 4-8-4 Northern, and 2-8-4 Berkshire.
1984	alchemi religion uses what religious text?	  The Alchemi religion does not have a single religious text. Instead, its teachings are based on a combination of various spiritual, philosophical, and scientific texts from around the world.
1985	which video game engine is the previous version of frostbite 2?	  The previous version of Frostbite 2 is Frostbite 1.5.
1986	what unit of pressure has the least pressure in pascal units?	  The unit of pressure with the least pressure in pascal units is the pascal (Pa), which is equal to 1 newton per square meter (N/m2).
1987	never told you is the album of what featured artist?	  "Never Told You" is a single by American singer-songwriter Colbie Caillat, released on August 3, 2010. It is the lead single from her third studio album, All of You (2011).
1988	a nanofarad is unit in what measurement system?	  The nanofarad (nF) is a unit of measurement in the metric system for electrical capacitance.
1989	the genomic locus in chromosome 18 (human) can be found where?	  The human genome is organized into 23 pairs of chromosomes, with chromosome 18 being the 18th pair. The exact location of the genomic locus in chromosome 18 can be determined by looking up the coordinates of the locus in a genome browser such as the UCSC Genome Browser.
1990	in the international system of units, what is the unit of data transmission for transfers larger than 1e+09?	  The unit of data transmission for transfers larger than 1e+09 is the terabyte (TB).
1991	guitar hero iii uses what input method?	  Guitar Hero III uses a guitar-shaped controller as its input method.
1992	in the united states customary units system of measurement what is the unit of pressure?	  The unit of pressure in the United States customary units system of measurement is pounds per square inch (psi).
1993	what soundtrack featured the artist charlie puth?	  The soundtrack for the movie "Furious 7" featured the artist Charlie Puth on the song "See You Again" featuring Wiz Khalifa.
1994	in joules, what is the largest energy unit?	  The largest energy unit is the terajoule (TJ). One terajoule is equal to one trillion (1012) joules.
1995	what musical release component tracks recordings made by royal philarmonic orchestra and featured by mike townend?	  The musical release component is likely to be an album, EP, or single. It is not possible to determine the exact title of the release without more information.
1996	what concert was played at the donmar?	  It is not possible to answer this question without more information, as the Donmar Warehouse is a theatre in London and hosts many different performances throughout the year.
1997	0.303 is the distance in meters of what unit of length?	  30.3 centimeters
1998	which music video director's weight is at least 66.0?	  Hype Williams
1999	which video game platform has the games arcus ii: silent symphony?	  Arcus II: Silent Symphony is a game for the Sega Dreamcast.
2000	which unit of area does the measurement system have that has an electric field strength of volt per metre contain?	  The unit of area for electric field strength is volts per metre squared (V/m2).
2001	the genre stereoscopic video game includes what video games?	  Examples of stereoscopic video games include Super Mario 3D World, Mario Kart 8, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Splatoon 2, and Pokemon Sun and Moon.
2002	what exhibition has the same exhibition curator with 2008 biennale of sydney?	  The 2008 Biennale of Sydney was curated by Carolyn Christov-Bakargiev. The same curator also curated the 2007 Istanbul Biennial.
2003	the mass unit troy ounce is used in what measurement system?	  The troy ounce is a unit of mass used in the Imperial system of measurements.
2004	how many types of mount samakke nupuri are there?	  There are three types of Mount Samakke Nupuri:  1. Gyeongju-style (경주식) 2. Gyeongsangbuk-do-style (경상북도식) 3. Gyeongsangnam-do-style (경상남도식)
2005	which radio program last aired on 2004-06-22?	  There is no way to answer this question without more information.
2006	dangerous hunts supported what video games?	  Dangerous Hunts is a series of hunting simulation video games developed by Crave Entertainment. The series includes Dangerous Hunts (2003), Dangerous Hunts 2 (2004), Dangerous Hunts: Ultimate Challenge (2006), Dangerous Hunts 2009 (2008), and Dangerous Hunts 2011 (2010).
2007	which locomotive class has a weight of 129.0?	  The Kato N Scale SD40-2 Locomotive (#37-6624) has a weight of 129.0.
2008	what is the subject of carl sandburg at connemara	  The subject of Carl Sandburg's poem "At Connemara" is the beauty of nature, specifically the Connemara region of Ireland.
2009	mean to me recording belongs to what artist?	  This question is too vague to answer. Recording could refer to any type of recording, such as a song, a podcast, an album, or even a video. Please provide more information about the particular recording you are asking about.
2010	how many game compilations are in the genre of simulation video game?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of simulation video game compilations is constantly changing.
2011	what video games has the genre skateboarding?	  1. Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2 (2020) 2. Skate 3 (2010) 3. Skate 2 (2009) 4. OlliOlli (2014) 5. Skate (2007) 6. Session (2019) 7. True Skate (2012) 8. Skater XL (2020) 9. Tony Hawk's Underground (2003) 10. Street Skater 3D (2018)
2012	cryengine 3 is a member of what video game engine family?	  CryEngine 3 is part of the CryEngine family of video game engines.
2013	name a rail gauge that has a maximum width of 1067.0	 mm  Standard gauge
2014	which measurement system was zeptosecond used as luminance unit?	  The zeptosecond (zs) unit of luminance has not yet been adopted by any measurement system.
2015	which theater producer weighs the most?	  It is impossible to answer this question as there is no definitive answer. Different theater producers may weigh different amounts.
2016	which singers are able to sing lyric coloratura soprano?	  Some well-known lyric coloratura sopranos include:  -Renée Fleming -Diana Damrau -Kathleen Battle -Joyce DiDonato -Sumi Jo -Natalie Dessay -Patricia Petibon -Kiri Te Kanawa -Julia Lezhneva -Anna Netrebko -Edita Gruberova -Marilyn Horne -Joan Sutherland -Hildegard Behrens
2017	what is the ship class that has 42.0 as its endurance?	  The Endurance-class of ships has an endurance of 42.0.
2018	sonic gems collection game and version of dynamite duke game was developed by which video game developer.	  Sonic Gems Collection and the version of Dynamite Duke were developed by the Japanese video game developer, Sega.
2019	software services has what business operation?	  Software services can provide a wide range of business operations, including software development, software maintenance, software integration, software testing, software deployment, and software support.
2020	what are the specific ingredients of chia seed - black?	  Chia seeds are a whole grain food that are naturally gluten-free and high in fiber, protein, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, manganese, zinc, and iron. The specific ingredients of black chia seeds are:  - Omega-3 fatty acids - Antioxidants - Protein - Fiber - Calcium - Phosphorus - Magnesium - Manganese - Zinc - Iron - Potassium - Vitamin B1 (thiamin) - Vitamin B2 (riboflavin) - Vitamin B3 (niacin) - Vitamin B6 - Vitamin B9 (folate) - Vitamin C
2021	what type of content is on the album mistletoe and merriment?	  Mistletoe and Merriment is a Christmas album featuring traditional Christmas carols and holiday songs performed in a variety of musical styles, including jazz, pop, classical, and folk.
2022	what breed groups are part of american poultry association?	  The American Poultry Association recognizes seven breed groups: American, Asiatic, Continental, English, Mediterranean, Oriental, and Other.
2023	in the measurement system united states customary units how many specific heat capacity units are there?	  There are two specific heat capacity units in the United States customary units system: British Thermal Units (BTU) per pound-degree Fahrenheit and calories per gram-degree Celsius.
2024	the recipe for chicken soup is what?	  Ingredients:  -2 tablespoons olive oil -1 large onion, diced -2 carrots, diced -2 celery stalks, diced -2 garlic cloves, minced -1 teaspoon dried thyme -1 teaspoon dried oregano -8 cups chicken broth -2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1-inch cubes -1/2 cup uncooked long grain white rice -1/4 cup fresh parsley, chopped -Salt and pepper, to taste  Instructions:  1. Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat.  2. Add the onion, carrots, celery, garlic, thyme, and oregano. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.  3. Pour in the chicken broth and bring to a boil.  4. Add the chicken cubes, rice, and parsley.  5. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 25 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through and the rice is tender.  6. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.  7. Serve hot. Enjoy!
2025	what video game engine came before frostbite engine?	  The game engine that came before Frostbite was called the Refractor Engine.
2026	what is the unit of temperature that utilizes the same measurement system as irradiance units watt per square metre?	  Kelvin (K).
2027	what are the video games in the platform of mobile phones?	  1. PUBG Mobile 2. Call of Duty: Mobile 3. Candy Crush Saga 4. Clash of Clans 5. Asphalt 8: Airborne 6. Pokémon Go 7. Subway Surfers 8. Temple Run 9. Fruit Ninja 10. Monument Valley
2028	what system uses joule per kelvin as the unit to measure heat capacity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses joules per kelvin (J/K) as the unit to measure heat capacity.
2029	the song added after aug. the 11st, 2009 to band hero was what?	  The song added after August 11, 2009 to Band Hero was "I'm Not Gonna Teach Your Boyfriend How to Dance with You" by Black Kids.
2030	181-thebox - 32kbps stream broadcast what kind of content?	  The 32kbps stream broadcast could be used to stream audio content such as music, radio programs, podcasts, or even audio books.
2031	which locomotive class has the least gauge in millimeters?	  The narrowest gauge locomotive class is the 2 ft 6 in (762 mm) gauge.
2032	what unit of mass are used to measured in non-si units mentioned in the si?	  The most common non-SI unit of mass used in the SI is the kilogram (kg).
2033	which video game platform family has playstation¬æ3 platform?	  The PlayStation 3 platform is part of the PlayStation family of video game platforms.
2034	great andromeda nebula has which satellite galaxy?	  The Great Andromeda Nebula (also known as Messier 31 or M31) has two satellite galaxies: the Triangulum Galaxy (Messier 33 or M33) and the Pegasus Dwarf Irregular Galaxy (Messier 32 or M32).
2035	which measurement system defines resistance with the ohm unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) defines resistance with the ohm unit.
2036	which unit mass utilises a system of measurement that uses the energy density unit of joule per cubic metre and has a maximum weightmass in kilograms?	  This system of measurement is known as the Specific Energy Density System (SEDS). It uses the energy density unit of joule per cubic metre and has a maximum weightmass in kilograms.
2037	small soldiers was published by which publisher?	  DreamWorks Pictures.
2038	what is the name of the architect who is known for illegal architecture?	  The most famous architect known for illegal architecture is the late Gordon Matta-Clark. He was an American artist and architect from the 1970s who gained notoriety for his radical interventions into abandoned buildings and empty lots. He was known for his subversive and often illegal interventions into abandoned buildings and empty lots, which he used to create site-specific works of art.
2039	panta rhei is the succeeding engine to what video game engine?	  The Unreal Engine 4.
2040	spam is featured in what tv show?	  Spam is featured in the long-running British sitcom "Monty Python's Flying Circus".
2041	find stars whose average orbital speed is less than or equal to 225.0.	  1. Proxima Centauri  2. Barnard's Star  3. Wolf 359  4. Lalande 21185  5. Ross 154
2042	who is the health authority for the most recent medical trial?who is the health authority for the most recent medical trial?	  The health authority responsible for a particular medical trial will depend on the country or region in which the trial is taking place. Generally, the health authority responsible for overseeing a medical trial is the local or national government body responsible for regulating healthcare. In the US, this would be the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
2043	rezidor hotel group is known to own what hotel brand?	  Radisson Hotels.
2044	joule per mole is used to measure molar energy units in what measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
2045	what moon has the maximum inclination?	  The moon with the maximum inclination is Neptune's moon Triton, which has an inclination of 157.3 degrees.
2046	which powers do both catbus and rocky the flying squirrel have?	  Both Catbus and Rocky the Flying Squirrel have the power of flight.
2047	what is the adapted work that has madame freedom been adopted from?	  Madame Freedom was adapted from the 1956 South Korean film of the same name. The original film was directed by Lee Man-hee and is considered a classic of South Korean cinema.
2048	which locomotive class has a top velocity of 55.0?	  The locomotive class with a top velocity of 55.0 is the EMD F59PHI.
2049	bossa nova are played on which radio station?	  Bossa nova is typically played on jazz radio stations, as well as Brazilian music radio stations.
2050	radiance unit watt per square metre per steradian uses what unit of length in the measurement system?	  Meters.
2051	what broadcast content is broadcast in the urdu?	  Urdu broadcast content includes news, talk shows, dramas, sitcoms, music shows, religious programming, sports, and current affairs.
2052	which measurement system has watt per square metre per steradian as the electric field strength unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) has watt per square metre per steradian as the electric field strength unit.
2053	what is the unit of energy in the measurement system that uses joule per kelvin as the heat capacity unit?	  The unit of energy in this measurement system is the joule (J).
2054	which unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include electron rest mass?	  The Planck Length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include electron rest mass.
2055	what cheese made from milk of dromedary camel has the same texture as affidelice au chablis does?	  There is no cheese with the same texture as Affidelice au Chablis that is made from milk of dromedary camel.
2056	what is the largest unit of frequency in terms of hertz?	  The largest unit of frequency in terms of hertz is the exahertz (EHz), which is equal to 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 hertz.
2057	zelda universe features what species?	  The main species featured in the Zelda universe are Hylians, which are a race of humans with pointed ears. Other species include the Zora, a race of aquatic humanoids; the Gorons, a race of rock-eating giants; the Gerudo, a race of desert-dwelling females; the Kokiri, a race of forest-dwelling children; the Sheikah, a race of shadow-dwelling warriors; and the Rito, a race of bird-like humanoids.
2058	which conference series are sponsored by sitefinity?	  Sitefinity does not sponsor any specific conference series. However, they do participate in a variety of industry events, such as the Sitecore Symposium, Adobe Summit, and Microsoft Ignite.
2059	what software's latest release was on 07/21/2005?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing the name of the software.
2060	the rocket engine with the largest diameter has was oxidizer?	  The Space Shuttle Main Engine (SSME) has the largest diameter of any rocket engine and uses liquid oxygen as its oxidizer.
2061	what is the unit of length in us customary unit?	  The unit of length in the US customary unit is the inch.
2062	which ship has a length at waterline below 24.1?	  The HMS Beagle, a British Royal Navy vessel, has a length at the waterline of 23.7 m (77 ft 10 in).
2063	which unit of charge is used in a measurement system that has the luminous flux units of lumens? 	  The unit of charge used in a measurement system that has the luminous flux units of lumens is the coulomb (C).
2064	both zelda series and mario kart: double dash‼ were designed by what video game designer?	  Shigeru Miyamoto.
2065	airports of thailand public company limited operates what airports?	  Airports of Thailand Public Company Limited (AOT) operates the following airports in Thailand:   1. Suvarnabhumi Airport (BKK)  2. Don Mueang International Airport (DMK)  3. Chiang Mai International Airport (CNX)  4. Phuket International Airport (HKT)  5. Hat Yai International Airport (HDY)  6. Mae Fah Luang-Chiang Rai International Airport (CEI)  7. U-Tapao International Airport (UTP)  8. Krabi International Airport (KBV)  9. Chiang Rai International Airport (CEI)  10. Samui Airport (USM)  11. Surat Thani International Airport (URT)  12. Udon Thani International Airport (UTH)  13. Trat Airport (TDX)  14. Mae Sot Airport (MAQ)  15. Sakon Nakhon Airport (SNO)  16. Loei Airport (LOE)  17. Narathiwat Airport (NAW)  18. Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport (NST)  19. Trang Airport (TST)  20. Roi Et Airport (ROI)  21. Bueng Kan Airport (BKK)  22. Nan Airport (NNT)  23. Lampang Airport (LPT)
2066	how many units of energy are there in the measurement system which has the specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram? 	  There are no units of energy in the measurement system which has the specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram. Energy is typically measured in Joules (J) or kilowatt-hours (kWh).
2067	the number of rockets launched in launch complex 41 is how many?	  Launch Complex 41 has not had any launches since May 2020.
2068	the measurement system of international system of units is used by which unit of dose equivalence?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the sievert (Sv) as the unit of dose equivalence.
2069	which railway has a length of 3.5?	  There is no railway with a length of 3.5.
2070	mint dj's deep house mix - podcast feed broadcast what kind of content?	  This podcast feed broadcasts deep house music mixes.
2071	p-47: the freedom fighter appear in what video games?	  The P-47 Thunderbolt, also known as the "Jug," appears in several video games, including War Thunder, IL-2 Sturmovik: Cliffs of Dover, Ace Combat 7: Skies Unknown, and World of Warplanes.
2072	what is the name of the video game expansion for civiii?	  The expansion for Civilization III is called Civilization III: Play the World.
2073	which government agency is founded by the person who also founded the us special forces?	  The United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) was founded by General James N. Mattis in 1987.
2074	which medical trial designed using cocaine effects in humans: physiology and behavior – 1 has the lowest expected total enrollment?	  The lowest expected total enrollment for a medical trial designed using cocaine effects in humans: physiology and behavior would likely be a single-patient trial. This type of trial typically involves only one participant, and the results are used to inform the larger body of research.
2075	no holds barred radio - 32kbps stream contains what type of content?	  This type of stream typically contains audio content, such as music or talk radio.
2076	the thermal conductivity unit watt per meter per kelvin is in what measurement system?	  The thermal conductivity unit watt per meter per kelvin is in the International System of Units (SI).
2077	what us the name of the conference series that focuses on boréal?	  The Borealis Conference Series.
2078	brett hull hockey '95 is a version of what video game?	  Brett Hull Hockey '95 is a version of the classic hockey video game NHL '95, which was released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) and Sega Genesis in 1994.
2079	what conference subject is covered by shoujocon?	  Shoujocon is an annual conference focused on Japanese animation, manga, and gaming culture. It covers a wide range of topics related to these interests, including cosplay, fan art, fanfiction, and fan-created video games.
2080	who designed both lost planet: extreme condition and megaman 8?	  Lost Planet: Extreme Condition was designed by Jun Takeuchi and Megaman 8 was designed by Makoto Kitano.
2081	which composition was completed the earliest?	  The earliest completed composition is generally accepted to be Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina's "Missa Papae Marcelli," which was written in 1562.
2082	which tv director directs i had three wives?	  There is no specific director associated with the TV series I Had Three Wives.
2083	united states dollars is the payment system of what video game distribution system?	  The United States Dollar is not associated with any particular video game distribution system.
2084	hands on recording belongs to what artist?	  This question is too vague to answer accurately. The term "hands on recording" could refer to any number of recording techniques or artists.
2085	which of the defunct time zone's usage ceased the latest?	  The latest defunct time zone to cease usage was the Central European Time Zone (CET). It was discontinued in 1996 and replaced with Central European Summer Time (CEST).
2086	from the international system of units, what is the unit of catalytic activity?	  The unit of catalytic activity is the katal (kat).
2087	what video game engine did incentive software develop?	  Incentive Software developed the Freescape 3D game engine.
2088	what kind of sports equipment is used for mountain-biking?	  Common mountain biking equipment includes a mountain bike, helmet, gloves, cycling shoes, water bottle, spare tubes, tire pump, multi-tool, and a first-aid kit. Additional items such as a bike rack, GPS, and a camera may also be used.
2089	what song for tv or television did benny davis compose?	  Benny Davis composed the theme song for the television show "The Beverly Hillbillies".
2090	which tv character lived in a fictional setting where the french is spoken?	  One example of a TV character living in a fictional setting where French is spoken is Captain Marleau, the lead character in the French crime drama series of the same name. Marleau is a police detective from the fictional seaside town of Sète in southern France.
2091	which video game version is distributed through playstation network?	  Many different video games are available for download through the PlayStation Network, including popular titles such as Grand Theft Auto V, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, and Red Dead Redemption 2.
2092	the 1520.0 gauge is part of what locomotive class?	  The 1520.0 gauge is part of the 4-8-4 Northern locomotive class.
2093	what medical treatment is contraindication for temazepam?	  Temazepam should not be taken in combination with alcohol, barbiturates, opioids, or other central nervous system depressants. It should also not be used in combination with certain antifungal medications, such as ketoconazole and itraconazole, or certain antibiotics, such as rifampin and erythromycin.
2094	which video game has the subjects of boeing ah-64 apache?	  The video game with the subject of the Boeing AH-64 Apache is called Apache: Air Assault. It is a flight combat simulation game released in 2010 for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Microsoft Windows.
2095	which quotation subject has the quotations of what, then, is the true gospel of consistency? change. who is the really consistent man? the man who changes. since change is the law of his being, he cannot be consistent if he stick in a rut.?	  The quotation subject is "Change".
2096	xbox 360 controller supports the north american continent region in what game version?	  Xbox 360 controllers are compatible with all versions of games released for the Xbox 360 console.
2097	pl/ sql is used to write what software?	  SQL is used to write database software.
2098	which video game was initial released on 2002-07?	  The first video game released on 2002-07 was Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell.
2099	matt kellum supported what musical artist?	  Matt Kellum has supported a variety of musical artists, including the likes of The 1975, The National, The War on Drugs, and Coldplay.
2100	having the genre of scrolling shooter applies to how many video game compilations?	  The exact number of video game compilations that feature scrolling shooter games is difficult to determine since there is no standard list of compilations. However, there are many compilations that include scrolling shooter games, such as the Arcade Archives series from Hamster Corporation, the Taito Legends series from Empire Interactive, and the Sega Ages series from Sega.
2101	name the measurement for unit of area in non-si units mentioned in the si.	  Acre
2102	wiping is lost for what lost work?	  Lost work due to data wiping is data that has been permanently deleted from a device or storage medium, usually without any way to recover it. This type of data loss can occur due to an intentional or accidental data wipe, a malicious attack, or a hardware or software failure.
2103	what genomic locus carries the band of human cytogenetic band xp22.32?	  The genomic locus that carries the human cytogenetic band XP22.32 is Xp22.3.
2104	which cyclones would be listed as a category 4 hurricane (sshs)?	  The Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale (SSHS) categorizes hurricanes into five categories, based on their maximum sustained winds. Category 4 hurricanes have sustained winds of 130-156 mph (209-251 km/h). Examples of category 4 hurricanes include Hurricane Hugo (1989), Hurricane Andrew (1992), Hurricane Ivan (2004), Hurricane Charley (2004), Hurricane Katrina (2005), Hurricane Harvey (2017), and Hurricane Michael (2018).
2105	qf is the iata designator for whose airline?	  Qatar Airways.
2106	who is the conference sponsor of the sigkdd?	  The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) is the sponsor of the Special Interest Group on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (SIGKDD).
2107	what is the unit of absorbed dose in international system of units?	  The unit of absorbed dose in the International System of Units (SI) is the gray (Gy).
2108	the genre for capcom q-sound format contains what other file format?	  The Capcom Q-Sound format can contain other file formats such as MP3, WAV, and OGG.
2109	what is the musical recording of il barbiere di siviglia: atto ii, scena ii. recitativo "insomma, mio signore" (bartolo, conte, rosina)?	  The musical recording of Il barbiere di Siviglia: Atto II, Scena II. Recitativo "Insomma, mio signore" (Bartolo, Conte, Rosina) can be found on YouTube.
2110	the virtual console supports which video game platform?	  The Virtual Console supports classic video game systems such as the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES), Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES), Nintendo 64, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, Nintendo 3DS, Sega Genesis, Sega Master System, TurboGrafx-16, and Neo Geo.
2111	what fictional character's species is mantine?	  Mantine is a species of Pokémon.
2112	what is the measure system that uses ohm as resistance units?	  The measure system that uses ohms as resistance units is the International System of Units (SI).
2113	which one of the olympic games has the largest number of countries playing?	  The Summer Olympic Games has the largest number of countries participating, with a total of 206 nations in the 2020 Tokyo Games.
2114	what olympic game has the least number of events?	  The Olympic Games with the least number of events is the Winter Youth Olympic Games, which has only 14 events.
2115	what type of fictional setting is fruit of the earth, part two in?	  Fruit of the Earth, Part Two is a fantasy novel set in a post-apocalyptic world.
2116	which beaufort wind force has a tropical cyclone category that include a tropical cyclone of hurricane wilma?	  Hurricane Wilma was a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale, with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h). This corresponds to a Beaufort wind force of 17 (Violent Storm).
2117	the coloumb is a unit of charge of which measurement system?	  The Coulomb is a unit of charge in the International System of Units (SI).
2118	name the broadcast producer who produces the todds' teddy bears picnic.	  The broadcast producer for the Todds' Teddy Bears Picnic would be the show's creator and executive producer, Todd Litzinger.
2119	sauternes, gironde is the county with which wine?	  Sauternes is a sweet white wine that is produced in the Gironde county of France. It is made from Semillon, Sauvignon Blanc, and Muscadelle grapes.
2120	what fictional character is of maximum weight?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as fictional characters vary greatly in weight, depending on the story and the author's preference.
2121	kilojoule is an energy unit in what measurement system?	  The kilojoule is a unit of energy in the International System of Units (SI).
2122	underground development has designed how many video games?	  Underground Development has designed over 50 video games.
2123	which stars have an average orbital speed of less than or equal to 225.0?	  The following stars have an average orbital speed of less than or equal to 225.0:   - Proxima Centauri  - Alpha Centauri A  - Alpha Centauri B  - Barnard's Star  - Wolf 359
2124	on 1915-08-31 what ship is know to have launched?	  The SS Eastland is known to have been launched on August 31, 1915.
2125	how many video game distribution systems are supported by playstation portable?	  The PlayStation Portable (PSP) supports five video game distribution systems: the PlayStation Store, UMD, Game Sharing, PlayStation Network, and Remote Play.
2126	what is the number of worship places that christian religion has?	  There is no definitive answer to this question, as the number of worship places for any religion varies greatly depending on the region and population size.
2127	which ship builder built hms bounty?	  The HMS Bounty was built by the Blaydes Shipyard in Hull, England.
2128	whatt series of conference belongs to the same conference event as wadern?	  The WADERN series of conferences is part of the International Conference on Web and Database Technologies (WebDB). It is a biennial conference that has been held since 2002.
2129	luminous flux units of lumens is measured in what measurement system?	  The luminous flux unit of lumens is measured in the International System of Units (SI).
2130	77 west wacker drive was designed by what architect?	  The West Wacker Drive building was designed by the architect firm of Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates.
2131	what is the core text of mormon and honored by bible study practitioners?	  The core text of the Mormon faith is the Book of Mormon, which is an ancient record of scripture that was translated by Joseph Smith in the 1800s. The Book of Mormon is highly respected and studied by Bible study practitioners, as it is seen as a companion to the Bible and a source of additional insights and understanding.
2132	the playstation move supports what video games?	  The PlayStation Move supports a wide variety of video games, including sports, adventure, action, puzzle, and party games. Popular titles include Just Dance 2020, The Playroom, Sports Champions, Until Dawn: Rush of Blood, and The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim VR.
2133	anaplastic thyroid cancer is associated with which medical specialty?	  Anaplastic thyroid cancer is typically treated by an endocrinologist or a head and neck surgeon.
2134	find the primary election that doug ose campaigned in.	  Doug Ose campaigned in the 2014 California Republican Primary for the U.S. House of Representatives.
2135	the same measurement system as irradiance units watt per square metre is which unit of temperature?	  Kelvin (K).
2136	how many classes of electric locomotives are built by siemens?	  Siemens builds four classes of electric locomotives: Vectron, EuroSprinter, EuroRunner, and EuroDual.
2137	chancery division is known for handling what case?	  The Chancery Division of the High Court of England and Wales is known for handling cases involving equity and trusts, probate, land law, and intellectual property. It also deals with company law, insolvency, and tax.
2138	ohm is the resistance unit for what measure system?	  Ohms is the unit of resistance in the International System of Units (SI).
2139	which aircraft model can fly more than or equal to 8200.0?	  The Gulfstream G650ER can fly more than 8200.0 miles.
2140	what tv crew has the shortest employment tenure?	  The answer to this question will depend on the type of TV crew and the production company. Generally, TV crews working on reality shows have the shortest employment tenure, as the shows are often completed in a short amount of time and the crew is quickly moved to the next production.
2141	which game version for the playstation move supports the america region?	  The PlayStation Move supports the America region in all versions.
2142	state of bahrain has the geographical scope of what conference series?	  The International Conference on Bahrain Geography is a conference series that focuses on the geographical scope of the Kingdom of Bahrain.
2143	john winston ono lennon composed what tv song?	  John Lennon composed the theme song for the British television series "How I Won the War," which was released in 1967.
2144	the dst offset from utc is more than 9.0 in which time zone?	  In the UTC+9 time zone.
2145	foam weapon is a parent category of which collectible item in the collection category?	  Foam weapons are a type of Cosplay Prop.
2146	steradians is a solid angle unit in what kind of measurement system?	  The steradian is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI) for solid angles.
2147	which military unit has roman legions unit size designation?	  Roman legions had a unit size designation of "cohort" and "legion." A cohort was composed of 480 to 1,000 men, while a legion was composed of 4,000 to 6,000 men.
2148	the pressure units of pounds per square inch can be measured using what type of system ?	  The pressure units of pounds per square inch can be measured using the Imperial System of measurement.
2149	joule per gram is used in what measurement system as energy units?	  The joule per gram is used in the International System of Units (SI) as an energy unit.
2150	which unit of conductivity is in the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of conductivity in the International System of Units (SI) is the Siemens per meter (S/m).
2151	which film casting director is the shortest?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the heights of casting directors vary.
2152	which organism has a height larger than37.0?	  Humans.
2153	how many video game compilations were developed by compile?	  Compile is a Japanese video game developer that was active from the 1980s to the early 2000s. They developed over 100 video game compilations, including the Puyo Puyo, Zanac, and Aleste series.
2154	the measurement system of planck unit is used by which unit of electric current?	  The Planck unit of electric current is the coulomb.
2155	what measuring unit is becquerels?	  Becquerels (Bq) are a unit of measurement for radioactivity.
2156	what unit of mass is associated with the measurement system of picofarad?	  The picofarad unit of mass is not associated with any measurement system.
2157	what day of the year falls in august?	  August has 31 days, so any day from August 1st to August 31st would fall in August.
2158	which film producer's weight is at most 112.5?	  There is no one film producer whose weight is at most 112.5.
2159	for second digital cities workshop, what are the conference proceedings?	  The conference proceedings for the Second Digital Cities Workshop can be found on the official website of the workshop. The proceedings include papers from the workshop and a summary of the discussions and outcomes.
2160	what is the gameplay mode of everquest ii: sentinel's fate?	  The gameplay mode of Everquest II: Sentinel's Fate is an open-world, massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG). Players can explore a diverse world and complete quests, battle monsters, and interact with other players.
2161	time for love is a recording done by which featured artist?	  Time for Love is a recording by the American soul singer Luther Vandross.
2162	lego star wars iii: the clone wars was released in which video game region?	  The game was released in North America, Europe, Australia, and Japan.
2163	which measure for unit of plane angle is a international system of units?	  The unit of measure for plane angle in the International System of Units (SI) is the radian.
2164	find a fictional object featured in a fictional universe with characters martha wayne primarily appearing in this universe.	  The Batarang. Martha Wayne is the mother of Bruce Wayne, the alter-ego of Batman in the DC Comics universe. The Batarang is one of Batman's signature weapons, a throwing weapon shaped like a bat.
2165	who was responsible for designing the slowest roller coaster at islands of adventure?	  The slowest roller coaster at Islands of Adventure is The Cat in the Hat ride, which was designed by Intamin AG.
2166	what is the name of the hadron with an electric charge greater than -1.0?	  The name of the hadron with an electric charge greater than -1.0 is a meson.
2167	name the conference that was held at redondo beach.	  The conference held at Redondo Beach was the 2019 National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges Conference.
2168	in henries, what unit of inductance does 1.0 represent?	  1.0 henries represents one unit of inductance.
2169	what are the video games in the platform of xbox?	  Some of the most popular video games on the Xbox platform include:   1. Grand Theft Auto V 2. Red Dead Redemption 2 3. Forza Horizon 4 4. Halo 5: Guardians 5. Minecraft 6. Sea of Thieves 7. Gears of War 4 8. Rocket League 9. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 10. Assassin's Creed Odyssey
2170	who is the video game designer that designed a musical game followed by gh aerosmith?	  The video game designer that designed a musical game followed by GH Aerosmith is Harmonix Music Systems.
2171	datsun 280 zzzap was designed by what designer?	  The Datsun 280 ZZZap was designed by the Japanese design firm, Nissan Design International.
2172	what are the medical treatments with side effect of symptoms including sludge syndrome?	  1. Antibiotics: These can cause nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, and rash.  2. Immunosuppressants: These can cause increased risk of infection, anemia, and fatigue.  3. Corticosteroids: These can cause weight gain, fluid retention, mood swings, and insomnia.  4. Intravenous immunoglobulin therapy: This can cause fever, chills, headache, and joint pain.  5. Plasma exchange: This can cause nausea, vomiting, dizziness, and low blood pressure.  6. Surgery: This can cause pain, bleeding, infection, and scarring.
2173	insecta is which fictional character's species?	  Insecta is the species of the character X-23 from the Marvel Comics universe.
2174	the picul is used as a measurement of mass in what system?	  The picul is used as a measurement of mass in the traditional Chinese system of weights and measures.
2175	in which measurement system square degree is the solid angle unit?	  The square degree is a unit of solid angle in the International System of Units (SI).
2176	what rail network does gawler central railway line belong to?	  The Gawler Central Railway Line belongs to the South Australian Rail Network.
2177	what is the name of the wine having the largest percent new oak?	  The wine with the highest percentage of new oak is Château de Beaucastel Châteauneuf-du-Pape, which is aged in 100% new oak barrels.
2178	what is the fictional setting type of into the den of the death-dealers?	  The fictional setting of Into the Den of the Death-Dealers is a fantasy world.
2179	what are some examples of units of are in us customary unit?	  1. Length: inches, feet, yards 2. Weight: ounces, pounds 3. Volume: teaspoons, tablespoons, cups, quarts, gallons 4. Temperature: Fahrenheit 5. Speed: miles per hour 6. Time: seconds, minutes, hours
2180	what games would be considered a training mode?	  1. Flight Simulators 2. Driving Simulators 3. Typing Games 4. Memory Games 5. Puzzle Games 6. Adventure Games 7. Sports Games 8. Strategy Games 9. First-Person Shooters 10. Simulation Games
2181	the smallest issue date belongs to what patent office patent?	  The United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) has the earliest known patent issue date of July 31, 1790.
2182	how many religions practice sarpam thullal?	  Sarpam Thullal is a ritualistic dance form practiced mainly in the state of Kerala in India. It is believed to be an ancient ritualistic practice and is performed mainly by members of the Hindu community. It is not associated with any particular religion, and so there is no definitive answer to the question of how many religions practice Sarpam Thullal.
2183	what is the name of the ship designer who designed a ship that was designed by isambard k. brunel?	  Joseph Bazalgette.
2184	what is the name of the video game expansion for gauntlet?	  The latest expansion for Gauntlet is called Gauntlet: Slayer Edition.
2185	radians per second is an measurement system which includes which charge unit?	  Radians per second does not include any charge unit. It is a unit of angular velocity, which is a measure of how quickly an object is rotating or spinning.
2186	what is the name of museum director ashmolean museum oxford?	  The current Director of the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford is Dr Xa Sturgis.
2187	which film producer has the highest weight of 57.0kg?	  The film producer with the highest weight of 57.0kg is Tyler Perry.
2188	which tld registry registered university of puerto rico?	  The University of Puerto Rico is registered with the .pr domain registry.
2189	what type is extend by online advertising?	  Online advertising is a type of advertising that involves the use of the internet to deliver promotional messages to potential customers. Examples of online advertising include search engine marketing, display advertising, social media advertising, and email marketing.
2190	which websites are owned by ad networks?	  1. Google Ads 2. Bing Ads 3. Yahoo Ads 4. AOL Advertising 5. AdRoll 6. Criteo 7. Adblade 8. Adconion 9. Conversant 10. Rocket Fuel
2191	which is the episode of a radio program whose artist is bob and ray?	  There is no single episode of a radio program featuring Bob and Ray as the artists. Bob and Ray were an American comedy duo who performed on radio and television from the 1940s through the 1990s.
2192	in the measurement system year what is the unit of frequency?	  The unit of frequency in the measurement system year is hertz (Hz).
2193	which medical trial designed using a multi-center clinical trial to evaluate azidothymidine (azt) in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) infection in patients with aids post first episode pcp has the lowest expected total enrollment?	  The lowest expected total enrollment for a multi-center clinical trial to evaluate azidothymidine (AZT) in the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in patients with AIDS post first episode of pneumocystis pneumonia (PCP) would likely be a Phase II trial. Phase II trials typically involve a smaller number of participants (typically 100-300) than Phase III trials (which typically involve hundreds or thousands of participants).
2194	which is the unit of specific heat capacity in the measurement system which uses pounds per square inch for pressure?	  The unit of specific heat capacity in the Imperial system (which uses pounds per square inch for pressure) is BTU/(lb*°F).
2195	the international system of units uses what measurements to measure less than 1e+15 seconds?	  The international system of units uses the units of seconds (s), milliseconds (ms), microseconds (μs), and nanoseconds (ns) to measure less than 1e+15 seconds.
2196	what meteorite's mass is less or equal to 18000.0?	  The Chelyabinsk meteorite, which fell in Russia in 2013, has an estimated mass of about 12,000 to 13,000 metric tons.
2197	cary fukunaga has the same ethnicity as which astronaut?	  Edward Tsang Lu, an American astronaut of Chinese descent.
2198	what genre western movies does the video game fall under?	  The video game does not fall under any particular genre of western movies.
2199	name the type of school that kingswood-oxford school is?	  Kingswood-Oxford School is an independent, co-educational, college preparatory day school.
2200	what is the number of game expansions that just flight has published?	  Just Flight has published over 200 game expansions.
2201	who built the locomotive for the sncf class cc 72100?	  The locomotive was built by Alstom, a French multinational company.
2202	western campaigner is which class of locomotive?	  A western campaigner is a type of steam locomotive.
2203	which video game has the subjects of submarine?	  The video game series Silent Hunter is a popular submarine simulation game. It is available for PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
2204	michel super skills is included in what video game compilation?	  Michel Super Skills is included in the Sega Genesis Classics video game compilation.
2205	which file format has the genre of chemical file format?	  The Chemical Markup Language (CML) file format has the genre of chemical file format.
2206	times beach: born 1925, died 1983 is about what subject?	  The subject is the life of a person born in 1925 and died in 1983.
2207	the amusement ride dumbo the flying elephant has the same theme as which other amusement park ride?	  The other amusement park ride with a similar theme is the "Magic Flying Carpet" ride, which can be found at various amusement parks around the world.
2208	what is the function that burj al alam and the jw marriott hotel quito both serve?	  Both the Burj Al Alam and the JW Marriott Hotel Quito serve the function of providing accommodation and hospitality services to their guests.
2209	which noble person is the skinniest?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on individual people and their health.
2210	name the video game that has subjects of hammer throwing in it.	  Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020.
2211	radians per second squared is an angular acceleration unit used within which system of measurement?	  The International System of Units (SI).
2212	hamsters is which fictional character's species?	  Hamsters are not a species of any specific fictional character.
2213	gray is the absorbed dose units in which measurement system?	  Gray (Gy) is the SI unit for measuring absorbed dose of radiation in the International System of Units (SI).
2214	in black radio: telling it like it was, what radio program is there?	  One of the most popular radio programs that focused on telling it like it was was the syndicated show, The Tom Joyner Morning Show. Hosted by Tom Joyner, the show featured interviews with prominent African-American figures and discussions of current events. The show aired from 1994 to 2020 and was syndicated in over 100 markets.
2215	newtons is an angular velocity unit under what measurement system?	  The Newton is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI). It is used to measure angular velocity, which is the rate of change of angular displacement over time.
2216	what color filter array do jpg cameras use?	  Most digital cameras use a Bayer filter array, which is a type of color filter array that assigns red, green, and blue filters to the individual pixels on the camera's image sensor.
2217	what unit of specific heat capacity share its measurement system with the unit of pressure gigapascal?	  The unit of specific heat capacity that shares its measurement system with the unit of pressure gigapascal is joules per kilogram kelvin (J/kgK).
2218	what is the total number of exhibitions produced by the new london architecture?	  The New London Architecture does not produce exhibitions. It is an independent forum that works to promote discussion and understanding of the capital's built environment.
2219	in the discipline of analytic chemistry, what is a journals name that specializes in it?	  Analytical Chemistry (ACS Publications)
2220	who is the heaviest boxer? 	  The heaviest boxer in history is Nicolay Valuev, who weighed in at an incredible 330 pounds (149.7 kg).
2221	what measurement type is 1.0 strength in volts per meter?	  1.0 strength in volts per meter is a measurement of electric field strength.
2222	what is the medical trial design that uses memantine in systemic lupus erythematosus which has an expected total enrollment with the lowest number?	  The most common medical trial design for using memantine in systemic lupus erythematosus is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. This type of trial typically involves a small number of participants (usually between 20-100) and is designed to evaluate the efficacy of the treatment.
2223	what is the name of the soundtrack that is featured by artist malukah?	  The soundtrack featured by Malukah is called "Dragonborn Comes".
2224	what unit of electric current uses the measurement system of centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The unit of electric current in the centimetre–gram–second system of units is the abampere (abA).
2225	which locomotives have a class of gwr 4073 class?	  The GWR 4073 Class is a class of 0-6-0 pannier tank steam locomotives built by the Great Western Railway between 1945 and 1949. The class was designed by Charles Collett and was built at Swindon Works.
2226	oak park high school is which kind of school?	  Oak Park High School is a public high school located in Oak Park, California.
2227	what is the video game that has the same game engine as adventure game interpreter?	  The game that uses the same game engine as Adventure Game Interpreter is Quest for Glory.
2228	having the genre of action-adventure game applies to how many video game compilations?	  It is impossible to provide an exact number, as the number of video game compilations with an action-adventure genre varies greatly. However, there are many video game compilations that fall into this genre, including the popular Grand Theft Auto series, the Legend of Zelda series, and many others.
2229	what other file format(s) belong to the same genre as the aixm?	  Other file formats that belong to the same genre as AIXM include: GML (Geography Markup Language), KML (Keyhole Markup Language), GPX (GPS Exchange Format), and Shapefile.
2230	second was used as luminance unit in which measurement system?	  The candela per square second (cd/m2) was used as a luminance unit in the CGS (centimetre-gram-second) system of measurement.
2231	what are the video game developer developed jewels of darkness game and version of knight orc game?	  The Jewels of Darkness game was developed by Level 9 Computing and was released in 1984. The Knight Orc game was developed by Magnetic Scrolls and was released in 1987.
2232	what is the organism which has a height larger than 115.61?	  Giraffes are the tallest land animals, reaching heights of up to 5.9 meters (19.5 feet), or even taller in some cases.
2233	magic international sponsored what conference series?	  MagicFest is a conference series sponsored by Wizards of the Coast, makers of the Magic: The Gathering trading card game.
2234	which video game engine family does cyrano belong to?	  Cyrano does not belong to any known video game engine family. It is a proprietary 3D engine developed by the French video game developer Quantic Dream.
2235	what exhibition producer was responsible for producing jan lievens: a dutch master rediscovered and antico: the golden age of renaissance bronzes?	  The exhibition producer responsible for producing Jan Lievens: A Dutch Master Rediscovered and Antico: The Golden Age of Renaissance Bronzes was the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
2236	at which travel destination was clinton published?	  Clinton was not published at any travel destination.
2237	which inverse temperature unit does international system of units belong to?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not use an inverse temperature unit.
2238	the locus of 9 + [90193234,90280523] belongs to what chromosome?	  This locus does not belong to any specific chromosome. It is a range of coordinates on the genome that could span multiple chromosomes.
2239	guitar hero added what song after 08/11/2009?	  The song "Guitar Hero Encore: Rocks the 80s - Metal Health (Bang Your Head)" was added after 08/11/2009.
2240	which written work has subject pascal?	  The written work that has the subject Pascal is the book titled "Pascal: A Beginner's Guide" by Douglas Downing.
2241	the measurement system whose volumetric heat capacity units is joule per cubic metre per kelvin is what unit length?	  The unit length associated with the measurement system of joule per cubic metre per kelvin is not applicable as this is a measure of volumetric heat capacity and not length.
2242	for the game that has the soundtrack of legend of zelda: ocarina of time, how many designers contributed?	  Five designers contributed to the development of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time: Shigeru Miyamoto, Takashi Tezuka, Yoshiaki Koizumi, Eiji Aonuma, and Toru Osawa.
2243	which locomotive class has the maximum speed of 160.9?	  The locomotive class with the maximum speed of 160.9 is the EMD SD90MAC-H.
2244	the latest released version of the game by lucasarts was published in which region?	  The latest released version of the game by Lucasarts was published in North America.
2245	activity in katals of 1.667e-08 are represented by which unit of catalytic activity?	  The unit of catalytic activity for a katal of 1.667e-08 is picokatal (pkat).
2246	in which measurement system radians per second squared is an angular acceleration unit? 	  Radians per second squared is an angular acceleration unit in the International System of Units (SI).
2247	pheenix was influenced by what video game?	  The video game that influenced Phenomphoenix was the classic arcade game Galaga.
2248	what is cassander and b. d.'s job?	  Cassander and B.D. are a team of professional art handlers who specialize in the safe handling, packing, and shipping of fine art and antiques. They are experienced in handling delicate and valuable items and have worked with some of the world's leading galleries, museums, and collectors.
2249	centimetre per second is the speed unit used in which measurement system?	  The centimetre per second is a unit of speed used in the metric system.
2250	intrauterine devices are a part of which drug formulations?	  Intrauterine devices (IUDs) are a form of reversible contraception that are inserted into the uterus. They are made of plastic or metal and contain either copper or hormones. They do not contain any drug formulations.
2251	the jewels of darkness and knight orc game were developed by which developer?	  The Jewels of Darkness and Knight Orc games were developed by the British developer Level 9 Computing.
2252	in what measurement system would one find the coulomb per kilogram unit of exposure?	  The coulomb per kilogram unit of exposure is typically measured in the SI system (the International System of Units).
2253	what unit of mass is measured like gray per second?	  Gray per second is a unit of absorbed dose, not mass.
2254	which travel destination is closest to the museo nacional de bellas artes de la habana?	  The closest travel destination to the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes de La Habana is Old Havana, which is located just a few blocks away.
2255	which body of water does three countries bridge pertain to?	  The Three Countries Bridge pertains to the Rhine River, which is a major waterway in Europe.
2256	which stars have an average orbital speed that is less than or equal to 145.0?	  Some stars with an average orbital speed that is less than or equal to 145.0 include:  - Sirius A - Procyon A - Betelgeuse - Aldebaran - Rigel - Pollux - Alpha Centauri A - Alpha Centauri B - Spica - Arcturus
2257	what is the amount of video game distribution systems that microsoft windows supports?	  Microsoft Windows supports a wide range of video game distribution systems, including Steam, GOG, Xbox Game Pass, and the Microsoft Store.
2258	1066.8 guage (mm) is under which locomotive class?	  1066.8 mm gauge is classified as a narrow gauge railway.
2259	chris avellone is best known for designing the video game expansion of what popular video game series?	  Chris Avellone is best known for designing the Fallout series of video games.
2260	what measurement system has the conductance units of millisiemens?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the conductance unit of millisiemens (mS).
2261	of which holiday does system administrator appreciation day relate to?	  System Administrator Appreciation Day is not related to any particular holiday. It is an unofficial holiday that is celebrated on the last Friday of July each year to recognize and appreciate the hard work of system administrators.
2262	where in chromosome 14 (human) is the genomic locus?	  The genomic locus of chromosome 14 (human) is located at 14q24.3.
2263	what is the radio program episode of soundprint?	  Soundprint is a public radio documentary series, so there is no single episode. Each episode is a unique documentary, and new episodes are released regularly.
2264	what has dig-dug influenced?	  Dig-Dug has had a significant influence on the video game industry. It has inspired other classic arcade games such as Mr. Do! and Pengo, as well as more modern titles such as Spelunky and Downwell. The game's main character, Dig-Dug, has also become an iconic figure in the gaming world and has been featured in various merchandise and media.
2265	finnish obsolete units of measurement is the unit of length in what?	  The Finnish obsolete unit of length is the pikkupoika, which is equal to approximately 0.2 meters.
2266	the ps3 platform has what video game platform family?	  The PlayStation 3 is part of the seventh generation of video game consoles, which includes the Xbox 360, Wii, and PlayStation Vita.
2267	texas instruments distributes which video game versions?	  Texas Instruments does not distribute any video game versions.
2268	which reviews can be found i national review, 15 sep 1997?	  The reviews found in National Review 15 Sep 1997 include reviews of the following:  1. The New Republic: "A Liberal Magazine's Moment of Truth" 2. The New York Times: "The Future of the Times" 3. The Washington Post: "The Post's New Leadership" 4. The Wall Street Journal: "The Journal's Future" 5. The Los Angeles Times: "The Times' New Direction" 6. The Chicago Tribune: "The Tribune's New Direction" 7. The Boston Globe: "The Globe's New Leadership" 8. The San Francisco Chronicle: "The Chronicle's New Direction" 9. The Atlanta Journal-Constitution: "The AJC's New Direction" 10. The Miami Herald: "The Herald's New Direction"
2269	what is the name of the ship designer who designed a ship that was designed by john illingworth?	  The name of the ship designer who designed a ship that was designed by John Illingworth is not known.
2270	the international system of units has what unit of magnetic flux?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not have a unit for magnetic flux. Magnetic flux is measured in the unit of the Weber (Wb).
2271	katamari fortissimo damacy had how many designers contribute to the game soundtrack?	  The Katamari Fortissimo Damacy soundtrack was composed by a total of six composers: Yuu Miyake, Asuka Sakai, Akitaka Tohyama, Hideki Tobeta, Junichi Nakatsuru, and Hiroshi Okubo.
2272	what is the extension of seo?	  The extension of SEO is .SEO.
2273	i international system of units what is the unit of electric charge density?	  The unit of electric charge density is the coulomb per cubic meter (C/m3).
2274	gaelic football is used by what sports teams?	  Gaelic football is most commonly played by teams representing Irish counties, provinces, and clubs in the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship, an annual inter-county competition.
2275	what is the earliest composition on record?	  The earliest known composition on record is a 3,400-year-old Sumerian hymn called "The Hymn to Nikkal," which was discovered in the ancient city of Ugarit in Syria.
2276	international system of units has what number of units of volume?	  There are four units of volume in the International System of Units (SI): cubic metre (m3), cubic centimetre (cm3), cubic millimetre (mm3), and litre (L).
2277	the mikro-plus supports what video games?	  The mikro-plus does not support any video games. It is a programming tool used to develop software applications for embedded systems.
2278	what type of education is provided by university?	  Universities provide higher education, typically in the form of undergraduate and graduate degree programs. These may include Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctoral degrees, as well as professional degrees such as law and medicine.
2279	joule per mole per kelvin uses what unit of volume?	  Cubic meters.
2280	what unit of mass is used in the non-si units mentioned in the si?	  The most common unit of mass in the non-SI units mentioned in the SI is the pound (lb).
2281	what is the name of the video game that was an expansion of gunship 2000: islands & ice?	  The expansion was called Gunship 2000: Islands & Ice Expansion Pack.
2282	pictou offers what newspaper?	  The Pictou Advocate is the local newspaper for Pictou, Nova Scotia.
2283	starwood owns what brand of hotels?	  Starwood Hotels & Resorts owns the Sheraton, Westin, W Hotels, St. Regis, Le Méridien, Four Points by Sheraton, Aloft, Element, and Tribute Portfolio brands.
2284	the dungeons & dragons collection and mega man x collection game were developed by which developer?	  Capcom.
2285	what is the name of a theater producer who has the maximum weight?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as theater producers come in all shapes and sizes.
2286	the prr s2 was built by what locomotive builder?	  The PRR S2 was built by the American Locomotive Company (ALCO).
2287	which adaptation is adapted from adapted work which is an adaptation from kujibiki unbalance?	  The anime series Kujibiki Unbalance: Rikka Takarajima, which aired in Japan in 2006.
2288	what is the name of the ship designer who designed a ship that was designed by angus primrose?	  The ship designer who designed the ship designed by Angus Primrose is unknown.
2289	which drug formulation has the active ingredient moieties of mucor circinelloides f. lusitanicus?	  There is no drug formulation that contains the active ingredient moieties of Mucor circinelloides f. lusitanicus.
2290	what's the image ratio of a camera with more than 3.0 digital zoom?	  The image ratio of a camera with more than 3.0 digital zoom will depend on the specific camera model. Generally, digital zoom will not affect the image ratio, but will instead simply magnify the existing image.
2291	what is the name of the unit of magnetic flux density that has a density in teslas of less than 1.0?	  The unit of magnetic flux density that has a density in teslas of less than 1.0 is the gauss (G).
2292	what event in fiction is included by tempus gathers his scattered forces and is the one power play appears in?	  This event appears in the novel The Wheel of Time by Robert Jordan. It is a pivotal moment in the series when the Dragon Reborn, Rand al'Thor, uses his power to gather the forces of the Light in an attempt to defeat the Shadow.
2293	on 1960, which person was buried?	  John F. Kennedy
2294	what amount of comic book writers have a profession of documentary filmmaker?	  It is difficult to determine an exact number of comic book writers who have a profession of documentary filmmaker, as many writers pursue multiple careers. However, there are several notable comic book writers who have also directed documentaries, such as Christopher Nolan (The Dark Knight trilogy, Inception), Robert Rodriguez (Sin City, Alita: Battle Angel), and Joss Whedon (Avengers, Buffy the Vampire Slayer).
2295	which royal line is succeeded by qing dynasty	  The Qing Dynasty succeeded the Ming Dynasty.
2296	realtime games software designed which video game?	  There is no specific video game associated with real-time games software, as it can be used to create any type of game.
2297	which video game rating includes the content descriptor of blood and gore?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) rating for games that contain Blood and Gore is M (Mature).
2298	what is the radio program hate crimes: america's cancer about?	  Hate Crimes: America's Cancer is a radio program that explores the causes and effects of hate crimes in the United States. The show looks at the history of hate crimes, current trends, and the potential solutions to address this issue. It also examines the impact of hate crimes on communities and individuals, as well as the legal and social implications of these acts. The program features interviews with experts, survivors, and activists, and provides a platform for open dialogue and discussion.
2299	what are the names of species in the zelda universe?	  1. Hylians 2. Zoras 3. Gorons 4. Gerudo 5. Sheikah 6. Minish 7. Rito 8. Kikwi 9. Twili 10. Stalchildren 11. Lizalfos 12. Moblins 13. Bulblins 14. Bokoblins 15. Darknuts 16. Fairies 17. Skull Kids 18. Poes 19. Keese 20. Chuchus
2300	where is the version developed by sega of japan and distributed through virtual console released?	  The Sega version of the game released through the Virtual Console is available for download on the Nintendo eShop for Nintendo Switch, Wii U, and Nintendo 3DS.
2301	the game of pokémon xd: gale of darkness is part of which video game version?	  Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness is part of the GameCube video game version.
2302	frontierland is a themed area within which amusement park?	  Frontierland is a themed area within the Disney theme parks, including Disneyland and the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World.
2303	a liger and tigers both belong to which hybrid parent gender?	  The hybrid parent gender of both ligers and tigers is Panthera, a genus of large cats that includes lions, tigers, jaguars, and leopards.
2304	which musical release component has the package of de afrekening: best of 2006?	  The musical release component of De Afrekening: Best of 2006 is a double CD set.
2305	which tld registry registered university management ltd?	  University Management Ltd is registered with the .ltd domain registry.
2306	what video games are included on the sony ericsson xperia play platform?	  The Sony Ericsson Xperia Play platform includes a variety of games, including:  - Minecraft: Pocket Edition - Grand Theft Auto III - Need for Speed: Most Wanted - Asphalt 6: Adrenaline - Modern Combat 4: Zero Hour - N.O.V.A. 3 - Shadowgun: Deadzone - Dead Trigger - Real Racing 3 - Jetpack Joyride - Fruit Ninja - The Amazing Spider-Man - Plants vs. Zombies - NBA Jam - Riptide GP2 - Dungeon Hunter 4 - Dead Space - Reckless Racing 3 - Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed - Gangstar Vegas - Sonic Dash - Temple Run 2 - Modern Combat 5: Blackout
2307	what meteorite's mass is less or equal to 810.0?	  The meteorite NWA 869 has a mass of 810.0 grams.
2308	which locomotive class has the maximum speed of 136.8?	  The locomotive class with the maximum speed of 136.8 is the French SNCF Class BB 36000.
2309	which was the most recent browser released by the creators of ctx?	  The most recent browser released by the creators of CTX is CTX Browser.
2310	name the adaptation adapted from adapted work that is an adaptation from boku wa imōto ni koi o suru: secret sweethearts - kono koi wa himitsu.	  Secret Sweethearts: This Love is a Secret.
2311	number of artists that are featured in the recording contributed by vancouver symphony?	  It is not possible to answer this question without more information about the recording.
2312	two trains running was directed by who?	  Two Trains Running was directed by Ruben Santiago-Hudson.
2313	what is the locomotive classes of gwr hercules class?	  The GWR Hercules Class was a class of 4-6-0 steam locomotives designed by George Jackson Churchward for the Great Western Railway. They were built between 1906 and 1912 and were classified as the GWR 4300 Class.
2314	what measurement system has an absorbed dose rate unit of gray per second?	  The International System of Units (SI) has an absorbed dose rate unit of Gray per second.
2315	steel battalion controller supports what video game?	  The Steel Battalion Controller supports the video game Steel Battalion: Heavy Armor.
2316	abcoulomb is a charge unit of what system of measurement?	  The abcoulomb is a unit of electric charge in the International System of Units (SI).
2317	the measurement system of international system of units is used within which unit of potential?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the volt (V) as the unit of potential.
2318	what fictional universe has a character called angel?	  The Buffy the Vampire Slayer universe.
2319	how is frequency measured in the international system of units?	  Frequency is measured in hertz (Hz) in the International System of Units (SI). One hertz is equal to one cycle per second.
2320	what is the most recent disney ride to open?	  The most recent Disney ride to open is Guardians of the Galaxy: Mission Breakout! at Disney California Adventure Park in Anaheim, California.
2321	the subject of united states labor law pertains to what legal case?	  There is no single legal case that is considered to be the definitive case on United States labor law. However, some notable cases include NLRB v. Jones & Laughlin Steel Corporation (1937), NLRB v. J. Weingarten, Inc. (1975), and NLRB v. Canning (2013).
2322	walter de gruyter owns what websites?	  Walter de Gruyter owns a number of websites, including degruyter.com, brill.com, and mouton-online.com. The company also owns a number of journals and book series, which are available through its websites.
2323	what poem has epyllion in a verse form?	  The poem "Epyllion" by Alfred Tennyson is written in the epyllion verse form. It is a short poem written in dactylic hexameter, which is a type of meter used in Ancient Greek poetry. The poem follows the story of a young man who falls in love with a beautiful woman, but is unable to win her heart.
2324	what video game engine was developed by 3d technologies r&d ltd	  The game engine developed by 3D Technologies R&D Ltd is called the 3D Game Engine. It is a powerful game engine designed to create 3D games with realistic visuals, physics, and sound. It is a cross-platform engine that supports Windows, Linux, Mac, and mobile platforms. It has a built-in level editor and supports a wide range of file formats for textures, models, and animations.
2325	can you name the video game that expanded everquest: seeds of destruction?	  EverQuest II: Seeds of Destruction.
2326	1990 is what wine vintage?	  1990 is a Bordeaux vintage, widely considered to be one of the best of the past 30 years.
2327	what are the different breeds that are from republic of brazil have the same temperament as the manchester terrier?	  The following breeds have similar temperaments to the Manchester Terrier:  -Brazilian Terrier -Fox Paulistinha -Miniature Pinscher -Rat Terrier -Toy Fox Terrier -Toy Manchester Terrier -Toy Tenterfield Terrier
2328	which video game platform has the games luigi's mansion?	  Luigi's Mansion is available on the Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo Switch, and Nintendo GameCube platforms.
2329	what software belongs to the genres application framework and rich internet applications?	  Application Framework: - ASP.NET  - Ruby on Rails  - Django  - Spring  - Angular   Rich Internet Applications: - Adobe Flash  - Flex  - Silverlight  - HTML5  - JavaScript
2330	the surface density unit kilogram per square metre is in which measurement system?	  The surface density unit kilogram per square metre is in the International System of Units (SI).
2331	the unit of electric current which is less than or equal to 10.0 current in amperes is what?	  Milliamperes (mA).
2332	ohm is used as resistance units by what measure system?	  The ohm is a unit of resistance used in the International System of Units (SI).
2333	what television series season began originally on feb. the 26th, 2006?	  The second season of the American television series 24 began originally on February 26, 2006.
2334	sealyham terrier is the breed of what pedigreed animal?	  The Sealyham Terrier is a breed of small, white terrier originating in Wales. It is a member of the Terrier Group of the American Kennel Club.
2335	the pressure units of bar can be measured using what type of system ?	  The pressure unit of bar can be measured using the metric system.
2336	normandy landings is the subject of which video game?	  The Normandy Landings are featured in several video games, including Call of Duty: WWII, Medal of Honor: Allied Assault, and Brothers in Arms: Hell's Highway.
2337	carnival cruise line tycoon 2005: island hopping is a game under which video game version?	  Carnival Cruise Line Tycoon 2005: Island Hopping is a game available for the PC.
2338	what programming paradigm was introduced on 1979?	  The 1979 introduction of object-oriented programming (OOP) was a significant milestone in the history of computer programming. OOP is a programming paradigm that emphasizes the concept of objects, which are collections of data and behaviors that interact with one another to provide the desired functionality. It is considered to be one of the most popular programming paradigms today.
2339	which soundtrack is featured by artist raven-symoné?	  Raven-Symoné has contributed to the soundtracks of many films and television shows, including The Cheetah Girls, That's So Raven, and the Disney Channel Original Movie Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century.
2340	prior to id tech which video game engine was created before this one?	  The Quake engine, created by id Software in 1996, was the first engine developed by the company.
2341	the males gender is of what chivalric rank?	  There is no single answer to this question as chivalric rank is not gender-specific. Different societies and cultures have different levels of chivalric rank and the rank held by a particular individual may depend on a variety of factors, such as their wealth, social status, and achievements.
2342	askelonian horses destroyed with fictional object destruction method?	  The fictional object destruction method used to destroy the Askelonian horses would depend on the story being told. It could involve magical spells, futuristic weapons, or anything else the author dreams up.
2343	the tv program dear friend has which multipart tv episode?	  The TV program Dear Friend does not have a multi-part episode.
2344	nether earth is a version of what video game?	  Nether Earth is a turn-based strategy video game developed by Psion Software and released for the ZX Spectrum in 1984.
2345	name the transport operator of the transportation that has terminus at greyhound bus terminal.	  Greyhound Lines.
2346	on 2012-07-16, which election poll began?	  The 2012 United States presidential election polls began in January 2011.
2347	molar heat capacity has what unit in international system of units?	  The molar heat capacity has the unit of joules per kelvin per mole (J/K⋅mol) in the International System of Units (SI).
2348	what video game expansions exist on the play station 2?	  Some popular PlayStation 2 video game expansions include Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas (GTA:SA), Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings, The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind, Kingdom Hearts II, and God of War II.
2349	what measurement system uses gal for acceleration? 	  The Imperial system of measurement uses gallons for acceleration.
2350	strata 2011 uses what conference venue?	  The Strata Conference 2011 was held at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, California.
2351	what is the unit of luminance in the measurement system which has gauss unit?	  The unit of luminance in the Gaussian system of measurement is the candela per square meter (cd/m2).
2352	times beach was featured in what radio episode?	  The beach at Times Beach was featured in the radio episode "The Town That Wasn't There" on the public radio show "This American Life".
2353	what months do the first 19 days of the year lie in?	  The first 19 days of the year lie in January.
2354	skeptics society are the sponsors of which conference series?	  The Skeptics Society is the sponsor of the "Skeptics in the Pub" conference series.
2355	oregon agricultural college can provide the what type of education?	  Oregon Agricultural College (now Oregon State University) provides a comprehensive education in the areas of agriculture, engineering, forestry, marine sciences, liberal arts, business, education, pharmacy, and sciences.
2356	what is the name of the video game developer who created the sega smash pack game and a version of the sonic the hedgehog game?	  The video game developer who created the Sega Smash Pack game and the Sonic the Hedgehog game is Sega.
2357	which measurement system has the luminous flux units of lm?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the luminous flux units of lm (lumens).
2358	national landscape conservation system has which site listing category?	  The National Landscape Conservation System has the following site listing categories: National Monuments, National Conservation Areas, National Historic Trails, National Wild and Scenic Rivers, National Scenic and Historic Trails, National Wilderness Areas, and National Historic and Cultural Landmarks.
2359	what is the product endorser of lifestyles condoms?	  The product endorser of Lifestyles condoms is basketball player LeBron James.
2360	what tv station has the latest founding date?	  The latest founding date for a television station is February 2, 2020, for WXFT-TV in Aurora, Illinois.
2361	the kinetic city super crew radio program has which subject?	  The Kinetic City Super Crew Radio Program is an educational program that focuses on science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM).
2362	how many compilations of video games did square/enix develop?	  Square/Enix has developed over 200 compilations of video games.
2363	what is the railway with a length of 289.7?	  The railway is 289.7 kilometers (180.6 miles) long.
2364	what film character is married to film character with stroke?	  There is no specific film character that is married to a film character with a stroke. However, there are several films that feature characters who are married to someone with a stroke, such as The Notebook (2004), The Fault in Our Stars (2014), and Still Alice (2014).
2365	joules is the energy unit of what measurement system?	  The joule is the energy unit of the International System of Units (SI).
2366	in international system of units what is the unit for electric flux density?	  The unit for electric flux density is the volt per meter (V/m).
2367	the lowest number of career losses is held by which basketball coach?	  The lowest number of career losses is held by Gregg Popovich, the head coach of the San Antonio Spurs. He has a career record of 1,272 wins and 532 losses.
2368	which visual art genre utilizes oval with points?	  Pointillism.
2369	weichang manchu and mongol autonomous county is the autonomous countries or banners of what ethnic group in china?	  The Weichang Manchu and Mongol Autonomous County is an autonomous county in Hebei Province, China, and is home to both Manchu and Mongol ethnic groups.
2370	what grade level has the maximum typical age of 9?	  Grade 4.
2371	what type of fictional setting is the setting type of a fictional setting of double image?	  Double Image is a science fiction novel set in a dystopian future. The story follows two characters, a scientist and a revolutionary, as they attempt to prevent a powerful corporation from taking control of the world. The setting is a futuristic world where technology and corporate power have taken over, and the citizens are struggling to survive.
2372	which chromosome has a locus of x + [77052854,77192094]?	  The locus of x + [77052854,77192094] is located on Chromosome 2.
2373	which cricket match has the toss winner of knight riders?	  The toss winner of Knight Riders in the Indian Premier League (IPL) match between Kolkata Knight Riders and Sunrisers Hyderabad on May 5, 2021 was Sunrisers Hyderabad.
2374	which unit of magnetic field strength has amperes per meter of less than 1.0?	  The unit of magnetic field strength that has an amperes per meter of less than 1.0 is the gauss (G).
2375	what asteroid is part of pallas family?	  The most well-known asteroid in the Pallas family is 2 Pallas, which is the second-largest asteroid in the asteroid belt.
2376	which type of museum is witte de with center for contemporary art?	  Witte de With Center for Contemporary Art is an art museum.
2377	what unit of electric current is less than or equal to 1.0 current in amperes?	  Milliamperes (mA)
2378	the religion which practices zazen associates with which religious text?	  Zazen is a form of meditation that is associated with the Zen Buddhist tradition. The primary religious text associated with Zen Buddhism is the Heart Sutra, which is one of the best-known Buddhist scriptures.
2379	digital assets repository is the genre of software for which protocol provider?	  A digital asset repository is a type of software that is typically provided by a blockchain protocol provider.
2380	what manufactured drugs have a diamond shape?	  The most common diamond-shaped manufactured drug is probably the antidepressant fluoxetine, which is sold under the brand name Prozac.
2381	what is the charge unit in the measurement system that includes the rad/s?	  The charge unit in the measurement system that includes the rad/s is the coulomb (C).
2382	how many people contributed to the design of biohazard: symphony, op. 91 video game soundtrack?	  There is no definitive answer to this question. The soundtrack was composed by a variety of different musicians, and it is unclear how many people were involved in the design of the soundtrack.
2383	what video game versions were released in the netherlands?	  Some of the most popular video game versions released in the Netherlands include: Grand Theft Auto V, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, FIFA 21, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Super Mario Odyssey, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Overwatch, and Fortnite.
2384	sting symphonicity tour, concord was held where?	  The Sting Symphonicity Tour, featuring The Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra, was held at the Concord Pavilion in Concord, California.
2385	what game supports motorola 68010?	  The game Elite II: Frontier supports the Motorola 68010 processor.
2386	music for massage - podcast feed contains what type of content?	  This podcast feed contains ambient and instrumental music designed for massage, relaxation, and meditation.
2387	which sponsor of the conference also sponsored the same conference series with aerva, inc?	  The other sponsor of the conference series with Aerva, Inc. is Microsoft.
2388	name the system that has light year as a measurement unit.	  The Astronomical System of Units (or Astronomical System of Measurement) is the system of units that uses light year as a measurement unit.
2389	sega mega drive has what video games in it's platform?	  The Sega Mega Drive (also known as the Sega Genesis in North America) is home to a wide variety of classic video games. Popular titles for the system include Sonic the Hedgehog, Street Fighter II, Golden Axe, Mortal Kombat, Altered Beast, and Phantasy Star. Other notable games include Comix Zone, Shining Force, Ecco the Dolphin, and ToeJam & Earl.
2390	what is the content type of album 20 suosikkia: rakkauden katse?	  The content type of album 20 suosikkia: rakkauden katse is Pop music.
2391	in the astronomical units of length, how many different units of length are there?	  There are six different units of length in the astronomical system: astronomical units (AU), light years (ly), parsecs (pc), kilometers (km), meters (m), and centimeters (cm).
2392	who are the comic book characters appearing in dazzler who were created by herb trimpe?	  The comic book characters appearing in Dazzler who were created by Herb Trimpe are:  1. Dazzler 2. Doctor Doom 3. Magneto 4. Doctor Octopus 5. Juggernaut 6. The Lizard 7. The Rhino 8. The Scorpion 9. The Shocker 10. The Vulture 11. The Wrecker 12. The Absorbing Man 13. The Constrictor 14. The Mole Man 15. The Red Skull 16. The Wizard
2393	which steam locomotive class wheel configuration is 2-4-0?	  The 2-4-0 wheel configuration is associated with the American-type steam locomotive.
2394	the game of sam spade is part of which video game version?	  The game of Sam Spade is part of the Atari 2600 video game version.
2395	what religious text is associated with a religion that has a practice of islamic marital jurisprudence?	  The religious text associated with a religion that has a practice of Islamic marital jurisprudence is the Quran. The Quran is the central religious text of Islam and provides guidance on a variety of topics, including marriage.
2396	uṣṇīṣa vijaya dhāraṇī sūtra is the religious text of which astronauts?	  The Rāhuṣṇīṣa Vijaya Dhāraṇī Sūtra is a Buddhist text, and is not associated with any particular group of astronauts.
2397	who's locomotive class has a maximum speed of 110.0?	  The Class 110 electric locomotive, built by the German company Bombardier Transportation, has a maximum speed of 110.0 km/h (68.4 mph).
2398	which gameplay mode is the video game that supports the peripheral touchscreens?	  The gameplay mode that supports peripheral touchscreens is usually referred to as "touchscreen mode." This mode is typically used for puzzle or rhythm games, and it allows players to interact with the game using their fingers or a stylus on the touchscreen.
2399	the latest release date is what version of video game?	  The latest release date depends on the specific video game.
2400	ml is the parent language of what subsequent programming language?	  XML is the parent language of XSLT (Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations).
2401	what conference series that has a sponsoring organization of google, inc. and is of type software conference?	  Google I/O is a software development conference sponsored by Google, Inc.
2402	joule per mole per kelvin is the molar heat capacity units for which system of measurement?	  The molar heat capacity units of joule per mole per kelvin are used in the International System of Units (SI).
2403	find deceased person who belongs to the american indian group that speak pawnee language.	  John H. Brown (1909–1992) was a Pawnee leader, linguist, and scholar of the Pawnee language. He was a member of the Skidi band of the Pawnee tribe and was born in Oklahoma. He was an active leader in the Pawnee community, and he served as the tribal historian, a traditional storyteller, and a tribal elder. Brown was also a noted linguist and was the first to record the Pawnee language in written form. He wrote several books about the Pawnee language, including A Pawnee Grammar and A Pawnee Dictionary. He was also an advocate for the preservation of Pawnee culture and language.
2404	magnetic variation is measured by what types of measuring instruments?	  Magnetic variation can be measured using a variety of instruments, including a compass, a magnetometer, a theodolite, or a magneto-optical instrument.
2405	in the measurement system used by microsiemens, what is the unit of frequency?	  The unit of frequency in the microsiemens measurement system is hertz (Hz).
2406	guitarist todd sampson uses which type of guitar?	  Todd Sampson typically plays a Fender Stratocaster electric guitar.
2407	in the international system of units, what is used to measure?	  In the International System of Units (SI), the seven base units used to measure physical quantities are the meter (m) for length, the kilogram (kg) for mass, the second (s) for time, the ampere (A) for electric current, the kelvin (K) for temperature, the mole (mol) for amount of substance, and the candela (cd) for luminous intensity.
2408	what is the total number of spacecrafts manufactured by the ball aerospace & technologies corp and space dynamics laboratory	  Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp and Space Dynamics Laboratory have manufactured over 500 spacecrafts combined.
2409	what number of media genres have the parent genre of fictional?	  There are many media genres that have the parent genre of fictional, including fantasy, science fiction, horror, mystery, comedy, romance, historical fiction, and adventure.
2410	adult hits is played on which radio station?	  Adult hits is typically played on a variety of radio stations, including commercial stations, college radio stations, and internet radio stations. Popular adult hits stations include Sirius XM's "The Pulse," KBIG in Los Angeles, and WBMX in Chicago.
2411	on 06/16/1999, what was the last order of chivalry given?	  The last order of chivalry given on June 16, 1999 was the Order of the Garter, which was bestowed upon Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom.
2412	british rail engineering limited built which locomotive class?	  British Rail Engineering Limited (BREL) built the Class 37 diesel locomotive.
2413	how many organizations in fiction appear in watchmen?	  There are several organizations in the Watchmen universe, including the Minutemen, the Crimebusters, the Keene Act, the Doomsday Clock, the Watchmaker's Guild, the Cyclops, the Millennium Clock, the Black Freighter, and the Seventh Kavalry.
2414	games developed by sunsoft, inc. and distributed through wii ware released where?	  The games developed by Sunsoft, Inc. and distributed through WiiWare were released through the Wii Shop Channel on the Nintendo Wii console.
2415	what film producers weights 195.0 or less?	  There are no specific film producers that weigh 195.0 or less.
2416	stanford anesthesia are the sponsors of which conference series?	  Stanford Anesthesia sponsors the Stanford Anesthesia Grand Rounds Conference Series.
2417	thyroid hormone resistance is associated with which medical specialty?	  Endocrinology.
2418	who owns this locomotive made by tokyu corporation?	  The owner of the locomotive will depend on who purchased it.
2419	what type of measurement is 1.0 strength in volts per meter?	  Electric field strength.
2420	presbyopia is associated with which medical specialty?	  Presbyopia is associated with ophthalmology.
2421	augusta family contains what asteroid?	  The Augusta family of asteroids includes the main-belt asteroid (9) Augusta.
2422	what's the unit of specific energy in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of specific energy in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per kilogram (J/kg).
2423	joule per kelvin is a unit for eat capacity in which measurement system?	  The joule per kelvin is a unit of thermal energy in the International System of Units (SI).
2424	which website has been initiated from goodreads?	  Goodreads launched its own book recommendation website, called "Ask the Readers", in April 2009. The website allows readers to pose questions about books, such as "What should I read next?" and receive answers from other members of the Goodreads community.
2425	what conference series focuses on readercon?	  The Readercon Conference Series.
2426	what lost work is lost for melted for silver nitrate	  Lost work for melted silver nitrate is lost and cannot be recovered.
2427	roy slater fictional setting is?	  Roy Slater's fictional setting is a small town in the Midwest, where he and his family live. The town is full of quirky characters and eccentric personalities, and the Slaters are at the center of it all. Roy is a high school student who loves to explore the town and get into trouble with his friends.
2428	which polling authority conducted the same election polls as usa today newspaper?	  USA Today does not conduct its own election polls. The polling data used in the newspaper's election coverage is provided by several different polling organizations, including Ipsos, Reuters/Ipsos, NBC News/Wall Street Journal, ABC News/Washington Post, CNN/SSRS, and Morning Consult.
2429	what video games did 2k czech create?	  2K Czech (formerly Illusion Softworks) has developed a variety of video games, including:  1. Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven 2. Mafia II 3. Hidden & Dangerous 2 4. Vietcong 5. Vietcong 2 6. Call of Juarez: Bound in Blood 7. Spec Ops: The Line 8. Sniper: Ghost Warrior 9. Sniper: Ghost Warrior 2 10. Mafia III
2430	what theater company produced benefactors and is a corp.?	  The Manhattan Theatre Club is the theater company that produced Benefactors and is a not-for-profit corporation.
2431	which government agency is founded by the person who also founded the vigiles?	  The Vigiles were founded by Augustus Caesar in the first century BC. The government agency founded by Augustus was the Praetorian Guard.
2432	how many game expansions has microprose software, inc published?	  It is impossible to answer this question definitively, as MicroProse Software, Inc. has been in business since 1982 and has published many different games and expansions over the years.
2433	name the video game rating whose rating system includes the content descriptor of blood and gore.	  The video game rating system which includes the content descriptor of blood and gore is the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) rating system.
2434	hugh lafollette is in what radio program episode?	  Hugh Lafollette does not appear in any radio programs. He is a professor of Philosophy at the University of South Florida and the author of several books.
2435	find video game versions released in pal region.	  1. Super Mario Bros. Deluxe (Game Boy Color) 2. The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time (Nintendo 64) 3. Resident Evil (PlayStation) 4. Gran Turismo 2 (PlayStation) 5. Sonic Adventure (Dreamcast) 6. Super Smash Bros. Melee (GameCube) 7. Metroid Prime (GameCube) 8. Final Fantasy X (PlayStation 2) 9. Mario Kart: Double Dash!! (GameCube) 10. Tales of Symphonia (GameCube)
2436	in what class does western thunderer belong?	  Western Thunderer is a type of steam locomotive built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It belongs to the 4-4-0 "American" class of steam locomotives.
2437	which comic strip genre was born from the genre that includes the shakespeare play freak?	  The comic strip genre that was born from the genre that includes the Shakespeare play Freak is the horror comic strip genre.
2438	swim is involved with which tournament event?	  Swim is involved in many tournament events, including freestyle, backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly, individual medley, and relay events.
2439	hydrangea arborescens bark is used by what drug formulation category as an active ingredient?	  Hydrangea arborescens bark is not an active ingredient in any drug formulation category.
2440	in measurement system international system of units what is the unit of radioactivity?	  The unit of radioactivity is the becquerel (Bq).
2441	what is the media format of musical releases produced by michael seifert?	  Michael Seifert typically produces music in a variety of digital formats, including MP3, WAV, and FLAC.
2442	which unit of irradiance equals to 1.0 watts per square meter?	  The unit of irradiance that is equal to 1.0 watts per square meter is the lux.
2443	the portuguese language currently has what blogs available ?	  Some of the most popular Portuguese language blogs include:  1. Blog do Planalto – This blog focuses on Brazilian politics and news.  2. O Blog da Maria – This blog covers a variety of topics, including lifestyle, health, and travel.  3. Vida de Casada – This blog focuses on marriage and relationships.  4. Blog da Mimis – This blog covers beauty and fashion topics.  5. Aprendiz de Viajante – This blog focuses on travel and culture.  6. Cacau Show – This blog covers food, recipes, and desserts.  7. Blog do Fred – This blog covers a variety of topics, including sports, technology, and entertainment.  8. O Blog do Dicas – This blog covers a variety of topics, including lifestyle, entertainment, and finance.
2444	red roof owns which hotel brand?	  Red Roof owns the Red Roof Inn hotel brand.
2445	how many hotel brands does extended stay hotels own?	  Extended Stay Hotels owns 8 hotel brands: Extended Stay America, Crossland Economy Studios, WoodSpring Suites, Homestead Studio Suites, Studio 6, Phoenix Lodging, Starwood Hotels & Resorts, and TownePlace Suites.
2446	what was the website material design initiated?	  Google initiated the website material design in 2014. It is a design language that combines the classic principles of good design with the innovation of technology and science. It is a design system created to help users create a unified experience across different platforms and devices.
2447	cedric champeau is the developer of which programming language?	  Cédric Champeau is the developer of Groovy, a Java-like programming language.
2448	french revolution is part of what conference series?	  The French Revolution is not part of any conference series. It is an event in world history that began in 1789 and lasted until 1799.
2449	what tv season has the same rating as rock n' roll stories, season 2?	  Rock n' Roll Stories, Season 2 has a rating of 8.2/10 on IMDb.
2450	which is the family of a computer processor that is a variant of atmega325p?	  The ATmega325P is part of the Atmel AVR family of 8-bit microcontrollers.
2451	cubic meters per second is displayed by what units?	  Cubic meters per second is typically displayed in units of liters per second (L/s).
2452	which unit of permittivity has the permittivity in farads per meter 1.0?	  The unit of permittivity with a permittivity of 1.0 Farads per meter is Farads per meter (F/m).
2453	which unit of speed in spm is 1000.0?	  revolutions per minute (rpm)
2454	andrew barclay sons & co. built which locomotive class?	  Andrew Barclay Sons & Co. built the 0-4-0ST (saddle tank) locomotive class.
2455	the wildtangent is the distribution channel for which video game version?	  The WildTangent platform distributes video games from a variety of publishers, including Electronic Arts, Ubisoft, and Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
2456	what is the roller coaster material of the six flags over mid-america park roller coaster?	  The roller coaster material of the Six Flags Over Mid-America Park roller coaster is steel track and supports.
2457	how many automotive classes are examples of mitsubishi model a and audi s8?	  Mitsubishi Model A:  1. Sedan 2. Hatchback 3. Coupe 4. Convertible 5. Wagon  Audi S8:  1. Sedan 2. Coupe 3. Convertible
2458	anselm feuerbach illustrated the series sacred band of stepsons in what book edition?	  The series Sacred Band of Stepsons was illustrated by Anselm Feuerbach in the 1883 edition of the book The Sacred Band of Stepsons and Other Greek Tales.
2459	which locomotive class is built by electrostar?	  The Electrostar Class 387/2 is a British electric multiple-unit passenger train built by Bombardier Transportation for use on the UK rail network.
2460	which edition of the book did wayne england illustrate?	  Wayne England illustrated the Magic: The Gathering 10th Edition.
2461	which automobile generation has the model ford capri?	  The Ford Capri was produced from 1969 to 1986, spanning four generations.
2462	what are the units in length in the measurement system where the radiance unit is watt per square metre per steradian?	  The units of length in the measurement system where the radiance unit is watt per square metre per steradian are metres (m).
2463	the subject of gold laundering pertains to what legal case?	  Money laundering involving gold typically involves criminal cases involving tax evasion, fraud, bribery, or other financial crimes.
2464	what is the name of the ship designer that designed a ship that is designed by gino morrelli?	  Gino Morrelli is a well-known designer of large sailing yachts, motor yachts, and commercial vessels. He is the founder of Morrelli & Melvin Design and Engineering, a design firm based in San Diego, California.
2465	what video games were released on the sega dreamcast platform?	  Some of the most popular video games released on the Sega Dreamcast platform include Sonic Adventure, Crazy Taxi, Soulcalibur, Jet Set Radio, Marvel vs. Capcom 2, Power Stone, Shenmue, and Space Channel 5.
2466	who's locomotive class has a maximum speed of 89.0?	  The Amtrak ACS-64 electric locomotive, also known as the Cities Sprinter, has a maximum speed of 89.0 mph.
2467	in the series of beyond sanctuary series,what book edition are there?	  The Beyond Sanctuary series consists of four books: Beyond Sanctuary (1985), Beyond Exile (1986), Beyond Chaos (1987), and Beyond Rapture (1988).
2468	what are the rocket engines that can thrust at 2.9e+06?	  The SpaceX Merlin 1D rocket engine is capable of thrusting at 2.9e+06. Other rocket engines that can achieve this level of thrust include the Aerojet Rocketdyne RS-68, the United Launch Alliance Delta IV RS-68A, and the Blue Origin BE-3U.
2469	tesla is the magnetic flux density unit in which measurement system?	  The Tesla is the SI unit of magnetic flux density, and is used in the International System of Units (SI).
2470	which sports league season starts the latest?	  The National Hockey League (NHL) season typically starts the latest, usually in October.
2471	what measurement unit is a picofarad a unit in?	  A picofarad (pF) is a unit of electrical capacitance.
2472	what fictional universe does asterix the gladiator take place in?	  Asterix the Gladiator takes place in the fictional universe of the Asterix comic book series.
2473	what type of content does 181-thebox - 32kbps stream broadcast?	  181-thebox - 32kbps stream broadcasts a variety of Hip-Hop, R&B, Pop, and EDM music.
2474	candela is a volumetric flow rate unit in which measurement system?	  The candela is a unit of luminous intensity in the International System of Units (SI).
2475	which unit has the greatest data transmission rate in bits per second?	  The fastest data transmission rate in bits per second is currently offered by the latest 5G networks, which can offer speeds of up to 10 gigabits per second (Gbps).
2476	throh is a fictional species in which universe?	  Throh is a species of Pokémon in the Nintendo franchise.
2477	what are bandaran adepts and bobbi harlow's jobs?	  Bandaran Adepts are experts in the ancient practice of Bandaran, a form of energy manipulation. They are adepts at channeling and manipulating energy in order to heal, protect, and empower people. Bobbi Harlow is a spiritual guide, intuitive healer, and energy worker. She works with clients to help them heal, clear, and balance their energy in order to create a life of joy, abundance, and purpose.
2478	the 2139.95 gauge is part of what locomotive class?	  This question cannot be answered without more information.
2479	in which measurement system, the amount of substance unit is mol?	  The amount of substance unit mol is used in the International System of Units (SI).
2480	what unit of energy is in the same measurement system as cubic meters per second?	  Joules.
2481	who produced the radio program on firm?	  The radio program was likely produced by a radio station or a radio production company.
2482	adrenalin entertainment publishes which video game?	  Adrenalin Entertainment publishes several video games, including Super Street Fighter IV, Street Fighter V, Street Fighter X Tekken, and Street Fighter EX.
2483	uk boasts what monarch as its leader?	  The Sultan of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah, is the leader of Brunei.
2484	what is the measurement system that uses watt per square metre as its irradiance unit?	  The measurement system that uses watt per square metre as its irradiance unit is the SI (International System of Units) system.
2485	harold arlen composed what tv song?	  Harold Arlen composed the theme song for the 1960s television show "The Addams Family."
2486	609.6 guage (mm) is under which locomotive class?	  There is no locomotive class associated with 609.6 mm gauge. This gauge is known as the Cape gauge and is used in South Africa, Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Malawi, Mozambique, and Madagascar.
2487	what is the latest released computer emulator that was developed in x86 assembly language?	  The latest released computer emulator developed in x86 assembly language is PCem, which was released in December 2020. PCem is an open-source emulator for IBM PC compatible computers, which supports a wide range of hardware, operating systems, and software.
2488	what is the name of some software written in the programming language python?	  Examples of software written in Python include: - Dropbox - YouTube - BitTorrent - Quora - Reddit - Instagram - Spotify - Google App Engine - OpenStack - Django - Flask
2489	1 innings per team is part of which cricket match type?	  One Day International (ODI) matches consist of two innings per team, each lasting a maximum of 50 overs.
2490	what is the locomotive classes of ger class y14?	  The Ger Class Y14 is a class of 4-6-2 Pacific steam locomotives built for the Irish railway network by the Great Southern and Western Railway (GS&WR) in 1948. They were the last steam locomotives built for the GS&WR. The locomotives were numbered 1401–1404 and were given the names of Irish counties: Clare, Cork, Kerry, and Tipperary.
2491	what dissertation shares topics with the gift of the magi?	  The dissertation topics that share a similarity with the gift of the Magi could include: the power of sacrifice, the value of love and relationships, the importance of giving, the meaning of generosity, and the effects of materialism.
2492	kilojoule per mole is used as a molar energy unit in which system of measurement?	  The kilojoule per mole is used as a molar energy unit in the International System of Units (SI).
2493	what film producers weights 54.5 or less?	  There is no single film producer who weighs 54.5 or less.
2494	the designer of the slowest roller coaster at tokyo dome city attractions is who?	  The designer of the slowest roller coaster at Tokyo Dome City Attractions is not known.
2495	minecraft 1.2 appeared in what video game?	  Minecraft 1.2 was released in June 2012 as part of the Adventure Update for the original version of Minecraft.
2496	international system of units includes what unit of molar volume?	  The International System of Units (SI) includes the cubic meter (m3) as the unit of molar volume.
2497	the max speed of 64 is set for which cricket bowling pace level?	  64 km/h is the upper limit of the fastest bowling pace level in cricket, which is known as "Fast Bowling".
2498	kilosecond is used as a luminance unit by which measurement system?	  The kilosecond is used as a luminance unit by the SI (International System of Units) system of measurement.
2499	zero4 champ doozy-j is included in which video game version?	  Doozy-J is a character in the Super Smash Bros. Ultimate video game.
2500	which architect has 3 structures	 in the top 10 of the eiffel tower  The architect of the Eiffel Tower is Gustave Eiffel. He is credited with three of the top ten structures in the Eiffel Tower complex: the Eiffel Tower itself; the Palais de Chaillot, a classical building that houses several museums; and the Trocadéro, a large terraced square.
2501	which engine generates 451.0 horsepower?	  The 2021 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray C8 6.2L V8 engine generates 451.0 horsepower.
2502	what is the video game mod for kerbal space program?	  The most popular mod for Kerbal Space Program is called "Realism Overhaul", which adds a lot of features to the game such as new parts, improved physics and aerodynamics, and more realistic orbital mechanics. Other popular mods include "Kerbal Engineer Redux", "Kerbal Attachment System", and "Kerbal Alarm Clock".
2503	there exists a judaism based holiday related to sukkot, what is it called?	  The holiday is called Sukkot (or Sukkos).
2504	5878 charlene was discovered by whom?	  Charlene was discovered by producer/songwriter Narada Michael Walden.
2505	dusk over elfinton is a game that uses what video game engine?	  Dusk Over Elfinton does not use a specific video game engine. It is a custom-built game created with the Unity game engine.
2506	what unit is used to specify heat capacity in international system of units?	  The unit used to specify heat capacity in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per kelvin (J/K).
2507	how many spacecrafts did cnes and astrium make?	  It is not possible to answer this question without more specific information.
2508	what kind of school is willamette valley christian school?	  Willamette Valley Christian School is a private, Christian K-12 school located in Salem, Oregon. It is a non-denominational Christian school offering a rigorous academic program and a biblical worldview.
2509	what is total amount of spacecraft's that astrium and thales alenia space manufacture?	  It is not possible to provide an exact answer to this question as the total number of spacecrafts manufactured by Astrium and Thales Alenia Space is constantly changing.
2510	find locomotives of class indian locomotive class wap-7.	  The Indian Locomotive Class WAP-7 is an electric locomotive used by Indian Railways. It is the most powerful locomotive in the WAP series and is used to haul some of the longest and heaviest trains in India. The WAP-7 locomotives are built by Chittaranjan Locomotive Works (CLW) in West Bengal, India. The locomotives are equipped with two 6,000-horsepower (4,500-kW) traction motors, allowing them to reach speeds of up to 140 km/h (87 mph). The WAP-7 locomotives are used primarily to haul express and mail trains, as well as some passenger and freight trains.
2511	in international system of units what unit is surface density measured in?	  Surface density is usually measured in kilograms per square meter (kg/m^2).
2512	the file format that is contained by the pdf format is what?	  The PDF file format is a proprietary file format developed by Adobe Systems for document exchange. It is a page description language that can be used to represent documents in a manner independent of the application software, hardware, and operating system.
2513	what election campaign did ray lutz run as a candidate for?	  In 2016, Ray Lutz ran as a candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives in California's 51st Congressional District.
2514	rioja percent of alcohol can be found in which wine?	  The average alcohol content of Rioja wine is between 11.5% and 14.5%.
2515	what is the sports league draft that has a sports league draft pick including player kobe?	  The NBA Draft is the sports league draft that includes player Kobe Bryant. The NBA Draft is an annual event in which teams from the National Basketball Association (NBA) select eligible players.
2516	what time zone has a dst difference of more than 4.5 from utc?	  The Chatham Islands Time Zone (CHAST) has a difference of 12 hours from UTC, which is more than 4.5 hours.
2517	mount tarawera has how many types?	  Tarawera has three main types: the Tarawera Shield, the Tarawera Pumice, and the Tarawera Tephra.
2518	what subject is discussed in the conference "2008 roflcon?"	  The 2008 ROFLCon was a conference focused on Internet culture, memes, and other online phenomena.
2519	what tld registry registered belize network information center?	  The Belize Network Information Center (BelNIC) is registered with the .BZ top-level domain (TLD) registry.
2520	what diseases or conditions are often affiliated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease?	  1. High cholesterol 2. High blood pressure 3. Diabetes 4. Obesity 5. Metabolic syndrome 6. Polycystic ovary syndrome 7. Sleep apnea 8. Cardiovascular disease 9. Hypothyroidism 10. Iron overload/hemochromatosis
2521	cave story has what video game mod added to it?	  The most popular mod for Cave Story is called "Willy's Mod," which adds a variety of new content to the game, such as new weapons, levels, enemies, and more.
2522	what video game does r.o.b. support?	  R.O.B. (Robotic Operating Buddy) was originally designed to support the NES game Gyromite. However, he was later designed to support the NES games Stack-Up and Duck Hunt.
2523	find video game versions released in pal (nintendo).	  1. Super Mario Bros. 2. The Legend of Zelda 3. Super Mario World 4. Donkey Kong Country 5. Super Mario Kart 6. Super Metroid 7. Street Fighter II 8. Kirby's Dream Land 9. Yoshi's Island 10. F-Zero
2524	which type of online advertising is extended by the same type?	  The same type of online advertising can be extended through various forms, such as display ads, search engine marketing (SEM), social media advertising, email marketing, and video advertising.
2525	what video game was released on 1998-01-15 for the first time.	  The first video game released on 1998-01-15 was Metal Gear Solid for the PlayStation.
2526	what video game series also includes a video game expansion that was designed by george ziets?	  The video game series is "Neverwinter Nights" and the expansion designed by George Ziets is called "Neverwinter Nights: Hordes of the Underdark".
2527	nini camps composed what tv song?	  The theme song for the Nickelodeon TV show "The Fresh Beat Band" is called "Here We Go".
2528	name the ski run which is served by sunnyside.	  Sunnyside serves the Upper Sunnyside run.
2529	jhead has the same genre as what file format?	  JPEG.
2530	name the unit of acceleration found in the measurement system called centimetre–gram–second system of units.	  The unit of acceleration in the centimetre–gram–second system of units is centimetres per second squared (cm/s2).
2531	chennai - bangalore double decker express is which class of locomotive?	  The Chennai - Bangalore Double Decker Express is a passenger train operated by the Indian Railways. It is powered by a diesel locomotive of the WDM-3A class.
2532	henri loyrette is the curator of what exhibition?	  Henri Loyrette is the curator of the exhibition titled "The Louvre and the Masterpieces of the Renaissance," which was held at the Louvre Museum in Paris, France in 2009.
2533	which deity does cult of harmonia worship?	  The Cult of Harmonia worships the Greek goddess Harmonia, the goddess of harmony and concord.
2534	which unit equals to 1.0 coulombs per square meter?	  Farad per meter (F/m)
2535	of the computers that used m68000 processors, how many were amiga models?	  Approximately 6.5 million Amiga models were produced that used the Motorola 68000 processor.
2536	what unit of time is in the same measurement system as lux?	  Lux is a unit of illuminance, which is a measure of the amount of light that falls on a given area. The same measurement system used for lux is lumen, which is a unit of luminous flux.
2537	which engine generates 316.0 horsepower?	  A 6.2L V8 engine can generate up to 316.0 horsepower.
2538	how many game expansions has black isle studios published?	  Black Isle Studios has published a total of eight game expansions.
2539	whose birthplace is the location where star wars was set?	  Star Wars was set in a galaxy far, far away and was not filmed in any particular location on Earth.
2540	embarcadero was used to write what software?	  Embarcadero is a software development company that produces a range of software development tools, including RAD Studio, Delphi, C++Builder, and InterBase.
2541	how many collectable items are there in pinny arcade?	  Pinny Arcade does not have any collectable items.
2542	how many cryengine engines are there?	  There is only one CryEngine engine. It is developed and maintained by Crytek, a German video game and software development company.
2543	name the shape of the galaxies with the same classification code as elliptical galaxy m110.	  M110 is an elliptical galaxy, so other galaxies with the same classification code would also be elliptical galaxies, such as M32, NGC 4486, and NGC 4649.
2544	pop music is played on which radio stations?	  Pop music is typically played on Top 40 radio stations, which can be found on both FM and AM radio frequencies.
2545	femtosecond was used as luminance unit in which measurement system?	  The femtosecond was used as a luminance unit in the CGS (centimeter-gram-second) system of measurement.
2546	gi joesis the parent produce line of which produce line?	  Joe's is the parent produce line of the Joe's Organic produce line.
2547	the sega channel supports what video game platform?	  Sega Channel supports the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive video game platform.
2548	what's the unit of wavenumber in the measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of wavenumber in the International System of Units (SI) is inverse meters (m⁻¹).
2549	which aircraft has the parent aircraft model of boeing 737-900?	  The parent aircraft model of the Boeing 737-900 is the Boeing 737 Next Generation (737NG).
2550	conductivity is measured by what instrument?	  A conductivity meter is used to measure the electrical conductivity of a solution.
2551	what astronaut has the same ethnicity as jerry levine ?	  There is no known astronaut with the same ethnicity as Jerry Levine.
2552	what radio station uses the heavy metal format?	  There are many radio stations that use the heavy metal format, including KNAC 105.5 FM (Long Beach, CA), WGRD 97.9 FM (Grand Rapids, MI), WKQX 101.1 FM (Chicago, IL), and WJJO 94.1 FM (Madison, WI).
2553	opus discovery are the peripherals for what computer emulator?	  The peripherals for the Commodore 64 emulator are the Commodore 64 itself, a Commodore 64 keyboard, a mouse, a joystick, and a Commodore 64 disk drive.
2554	how many types of ukinrek maars are there?	  There are three types of Ukinrek Maars: the Upper, Middle, and Lower Maars. The Upper Maar is the largest and most visible of the three, and is located at the top of the Ukinrek Peninsula. The Middle Maar is smaller and less visible, and is located in the middle of the peninsula. The Lower Maar is the smallest and least visible of the three, and is located at the bottom of the peninsula.
2555	what kind of ingredient does irish car bomb need which includes liqueur?	  Irish car bombs typically require the following ingredients:  -Irish whiskey  -Irish cream liqueur  -Guinness stout beer
2556	the top level domain that was most recently introduced is called what?	  The most recently introduced top level domain is ".online".
2557	what is the name of the unit of temperature that has a smallest zero point in kelvins?	  Absolute zero, which is 0 Kelvin, is the unit of temperature with the smallest zero point.
2558	universidad nacional del ingernieria sponsored which domain?	  Universidad Nacional del Ingenieria sponsors the .edu domain.
2559	the dialogues on a tightrope: an italian mosaic radio program has which subject?	  The subject of the Italian Mosaic radio program is the celebration of the cultural diversity of Italy, featuring stories, interviews, music, and dialogues from the many regions of the country.
2560	list all employees with tenure after 1918	  1. John D. Rockefeller, Jr. (1919 - 1960) 2. Henry Ford (1919 - 1945) 3. Walter Chrysler (1920 - 1940) 4. Alfred P. Sloan, Jr. (1920 - 1956) 5. Howard Hughes (1922 - 1976) 6. Sam Walton (1942 - 1992) 7. Bill Gates (1975 - Present) 8. Warren Buffett (1965 - Present) 9. Steve Jobs (1976 - 2011) 10. Mark Zuckerberg (2004 - Present)
2561	what's the last tv episode?	  The last episode of the TV series "Game of Thrones" aired on May 19, 2019.
2562	grams per joule is displayed by what units?	  Kilojoules per kilogram (kJ/kg)
2563	what radio programs are about newspapers?	  1. NPR's Morning Edition  2. The BBC World Service's Newshour  3. KQED's The Bay Edition  4. WNYC's The Takeaway  5. WAMU's The Kojo Nnamdi Show  6. KCRW's Press Play with Madeleine Brand  7. KUOW's The Record  8. WBUR's Here & Now  9. WBEZ's Worldview  10. KALW's Your Call
2564	which unit of brake specific fuel consumption has the least brake specific fuel consumption in grams per joule?	  Grams per kilowatt-hour (g/kWh) has the lowest brake specific fuel consumption.
2565	what is the left for dead 2 expansion?	  The Left 4 Dead 2 expansion is called The Passing. It was released in 2010 and added a new campaign, new weapons, and a new "uncommon common" enemy.
2566	wonder classic is in what video game genre?	  Wonder Classic is a side-scrolling platformer video game.
2567	how many aviation incidents as a result of turbine engine failure have there been?	  It is impossible to answer this question definitively as the number of aviation incidents as a result of turbine engine failure is constantly changing and is not tracked in a central location.
2568	name the golf couse that has tpc louisiana as its facility.	  TPC Louisiana is the home of the PGA Tour's annual Zurich Classic of New Orleans.
2569	the genre of who m i(feat. 일리닛, new champ, myk) has how many musical artists?	  There are four musical artists in the song "Who I Am (Feat. Illinit, New Champ, MYK)": Illinit, New Champ, MYK, and the producer, GroovyRoom.
2570	name the unit of density that equals to 1.0 kilograms per cubic meter.	  Kilogram per cubic meter (kg/m^3)
2571	name the video game content descriptor in entertainment software rating board.	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) uses the following content descriptors to indicate what type of content may be in a video game:   - Alcohol Reference - Animated Blood - Blood - Blood and Gore - Cartoon Violence - Comic Mischief - Crude Humor - Drug Reference - Fantasy Violence - Intense Violence - Language - Mild Language - Mild Suggestive Themes - Nudity - Partial Nudity - Real Gambling - Sexual Content - Sexual Themes - Sexual Violence - Simulated Gambling - Strong Language  - Strong Sexual Content - Use of Drugs - Use of Alcohol - Use of Tobacco - Violence
2572	who was the designer of goudurix?	  Goudurix was designed by the French roller coaster designer, Walter Bolliger and Claude Mabillard of the Swiss roller coaster design firm, Bolliger & Mabillard.
2573	what game can support motorola 6809 integers?	  The only game that is known to support Motorola 6809 integers is the classic arcade game BurgerTime.
2574	up antiquark is in the same family of particles as which subatomic particle?	  A quark is a type of elementary particle. The corresponding antiquark is a particle of the same family and has the same properties, but with opposite charge.
2575	what is the unit of time in the non-si units mentioned in the si used to measure less than 86400.0 seconds?	  The unit of time in the non-SI units mentioned in the SI used to measure less than 86400.0 seconds is the day.
2576	what artist recorded all the things she said (dave ramone remix)?	  The artist who recorded the Dave Ramone Remix of "All the Things She Said" is t.A.T.u.
2577	name the tld registry that registered global domains international.	  The registry that registered global domains international is the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
2578	what transmission rate runs at a 8e+12 rate in bits per second?	  8e+12 bits per second is equal to 8,000,000,000,000 bits per second, or 8 terabits per second.
2579	what is the number of game expansions released by valve corp.?	  Valve Corporation has released a total of nine game expansions, including Left 4 Dead 2: The Passing, Portal 2: Peer Review, Team Fortress 2: Mann vs. Machine, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Dota 2: The International, Half-Life: Alyx, Counter-Strike: Source, Half-Life 2: Episode Two, and Team Fortress 2: Meet Your Match.
2580	what publisher of video games published the willy wombat versions?	  The Willy Wombat versions were published by Melbourne House.
2581	what is the conference series that belongs to the same conference event as omni providence hotel?	  The conference series that belongs to the same conference event as Omni Providence Hotel is the Omni Providence Conference Series.
2582	what is belize and miho's job?	  Belize and Miho do not have a specific job; they are both characters in the musical "Fun Home" by Lisa Kron and Jeanine Tesori. Belize is a nurse and Miho is a college student.
2583	background to danger was adapted to make what adaptation?	  The adaptation would be a film or television adaptation of the story.
2584	pentax k110d offers what uncompressed format?	  The Pentax K110D does not offer an uncompressed format.
2585	name the types of cricket matches that have 2 innings for each team	  1. Test Match 2. First-Class Match 3. Super League Match 4. County Championship Match 5. List A Match
2586	what fictional object did james t kirk destroy?	  James T. Kirk destroyed the Doomsday Machine in the Star Trek episode "The Doomsday Machine".
2587	finnish board of film classification has what type of video game rating system?	  The Finnish Board of Film Classification does not have a video game rating system.
2588	zoltan somogyi was the creator of what programming language?	  Zoltan Somogyi is not credited with creating any programming language.
2589	which unit of volumetric heat capacity is the same to 1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin?	  The unit of volumetric heat capacity is J/m^3K, which is the same as 1.0 J/m^3K.
2590	which cyclists speak a language that kevin rutmanis speaks?	  Kevin Rutmanis is a former bassist for the punk rock band The Melvins, so it is likely that he speaks the same language as other cyclists who are fans of punk rock music.
2591	what unit does the international system of units use for illuminance?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the lux (lx) as the unit of illuminance.
2592	regarding four more years in the bush leagues, what is the musical recording that has the release of it?	  The musical recording that has the release of it is called "Four More Years in the Bush Leagues" by The Big Damn Band.
2593	the platform super famicom includes what video games?	  The Super Famicom (Super Nintendo Entertainment System in the US) includes a wide variety of classic video games from the 16-bit era, including Super Mario World, The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Super Metroid, Super Mario Kart, Street Fighter II Turbo, Mega Man X, Super Street Fighter II, Final Fantasy VI, Super Castlevania IV, and many more.
2594	the geographical scope of usa is part of what conference series?	  The USA is part of the North American Conference Series, which includes Canada and Mexico.
2595	what is the belief of creationists?	  Creationists believe that God created the universe, the Earth, and all living things within a relatively short period of time, as described in the Bible. They reject the scientific theory of evolution, which holds that all life forms have evolved over millions of years from a common ancestor.
2596	used to measure time under 3600.0 seconds, what is the name of the unit of time in the non-si units mentioned in the si?	  The non-SI unit of time mentioned in the SI is minutes.
2597	what radio episode was about stephen jay gould?	  The episode of the radio show "This American Life" entitled "Stephen Jay Gould: A Life in Science" aired on July 29, 2011.
2598	which organism has a height larger than1.66?	  Humans.
2599	what theater company produced pure war /the madness of the day and is a non-profit organization?	  The Wooster Group is a non-profit theater company based in New York City. They produced the plays Pure War / The Madness of the Day.
2600	what gameplay mode is used in the video game that supports accelerometers?	  The most common gameplay mode used in video games that support accelerometers is motion-based gaming. Motion-based gaming uses the accelerometer to detect movement and translate it into on-screen action. Examples of motion-based gaming include racing games, sports games, and dancing games.
2601	what was the latest browser released by the creators of ms fast find?	  The latest browser released by Microsoft is Microsoft Edge.
2602	out of all olympic games which one has the least amount of events?	  The 2020 Summer Olympics, which were postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, had the fewest events of any Olympic Games in history, with only 339 events across 33 sports.
2603	what exhibition has the same exhibition curator with warhol: headlines?	  The exhibition "Warhol: Headlines" was curated by Donna De Salvo, who also curated the exhibition "Andy Warhol: Revelation" at the Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art in 2019.
2604	what measurement system is farads used in?	  The farad (symbol: F) is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
2605	the volumetric flow rate units of cumecs are part of what measurement system?	  The volumetric flow rate units of cumecs are part of the metric system.
2606	for what musical game do you need to have a computer keyboard?	  You can play a musical game on a computer keyboard called Musical Typing. This game involves typing out notes on the keyboard to create music.
2607	hard sci-fi is the genre of what short story?	  There is no single short story that could be considered the quintessential example of hard science fiction. However, some well-known short stories in the genre include Arthur C. Clarke's "The Nine Billion Names of God," Isaac Asimov's "Nightfall," and Robert Heinlein's "The Roads Must Roll."
2608	what is the status of the websites owned by high gear media?	  High Gear Media's websites are all currently active and functioning normally.
2609	what radio program's last broadcast was on 1970?	  The last broadcast of the long-running radio program "The Shadow" was on December 26, 1970.
2610	estrogen replacement therapy is sponsored by what medical trial?	  Estrogen replacement therapy is not typically sponsored by a medical trial. It is usually prescribed by a doctor and purchased over the counter or through a pharmacy.
2611	meme is the focal topic of what conference event?	  There is no specific conference event dedicated solely to meme culture. However, there are several conferences, such as the Internet Meme Conference, which focus on topics related to meme culture, such as digital culture, social media, and pop culture.
2612	name the television program that has multipart episodes of the hand of fear.	  Doctor Who
2613	what is the video game expansion with latest initial release date?	  The most recently released video game expansion is "Destiny 2: Beyond Light", which was released on November 10th, 2020.
2614	which region did bandai-namco publish the latest released version of its game?	  Bandai Namco Entertainment Inc. is a Japanese video game publisher and developer. The latest released version of their games were published in North America, Europe, and Japan.
2615	which unit of data transmission rate has its rate in bits/second greater than 1.0?	  The unit of data transmission rate with a rate greater than 1.0 bits/second is the megabit per second (Mbps).
2616	what style of beer has the largest low value srm range?	  Pale Ales typically have the largest low value SRM range, ranging from 2-7.
2617	what's the oldest architect's name?	  It is impossible to answer this question as there is no definitive answer.
2618	what is the unit of surface tension in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of surface tension in the International System of Units (SI) is newtons per meter (N/m).
2619	what constellation includes theta boötis?	  The constellation Boötes includes Theta Boötis.
2620	golden tulip hotels is owned by what hotel brand?	  Golden Tulip Hotels is owned by Louvre Hotels Group, a subsidiary of Jin Jiang International Holdings Co., Ltd.
2621	rpg maker 95 is a part of what video game engine family?	  RPG Maker 95 is part of the RPG Maker family of video game engines.
2622	google play store is apart of the video game rating in which system?	  Google Play Store does not have a rating system for video games. It does have an age-based rating system for apps, but that does not apply to video games.
2623	old rasputin russian imperial stout parents what type of beer?	  Rasputin Russian Imperial Stout is a type of Russian Imperial Stout, a dark, full-bodied beer with a high alcohol content. It is typically brewed with dark malts and a large amount of hops, and is known for its strong flavor and high alcohol content.
2624	speed in meters per second is 0.27778 for which unit of speed?	  Kilometers per hour
2625	which composition has the subjects of usa?	  The Star-Spangled Banner
2626	who was a student under rickson gracie?	  Many notable students have trained under Rickson Gracie, including actor/martial artist Jason Statham, former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Lyoto Machida, former UFC Middleweight Champion Anderson Silva, former Strikeforce Middleweight Champion Cung Le, former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Vitor Belfort, and former PRIDE Middleweight Champion Wanderlei Silva.
2627	the bivings report » podcasts - podcast feed has what content?	  The Bivings Report podcast feed contains audio interviews with industry leaders, thought-provoking discussions, and strategic advice from Bivings Group’s digital marketing and public relations experts.
2628	what digital camera has a lcd screen resolution of 307200.0?	  The Canon EOS 6D Mark II Digital SLR Camera is one digital camera that has a LCD screen resolution of 307200.0.
2629	which meteorological service has forecast zones in lundy?	  The UK Met Office is the primary meteorological service for Lundy and provides forecast zones for the island.
2630	what specific energy unit has the fewest joules per kilogram?	  The unit with the fewest joules per kilogram is the electronvolt (eV), which is equal to 1.602 x 10^-19 joules per kilogram.
2631	anandalok is of what periodical subject?	  Anandalok is a Bengali magazine published by ABP Group, focusing on entertainment, films, television and music.
2632	what lighthouses were constructed with sandstones?	  The Eddystone Lighthouse, which was built in 1759, is one of the most famous lighthouses constructed with sandstone. The lighthouse was built on a dangerous reef off the coast of Cornwall, England, and its construction required the use of over 1,000 tons of sandstone. The Hook Lighthouse in Ireland, which was built in the 13th century, is another example of a lighthouse constructed with sandstone.
2633	which cloud, with a maximum altitude more than or equal to 6000.0, belongs to the same classification as stratocumulus?	  Cumulonimbus clouds, also known as thunderheads, belong to the same classification as stratocumulus clouds. Cumulonimbus clouds can reach altitudes of up to 20,000 feet (6,000 meters) or higher.
2634	whatt series of conference belongs to the same conference event as caravan hall?	  The Caravan Hall conference event is part of the larger Conference Series, which includes Caravan Hall, Caravan Hall II, Caravan Hall III, Caravan Hall IV, and Caravan Hall V.
2635	which video game version is released on the platform of ique?	  The iQue platform was released in 2003 and only supported one game, Mario Kart 64.
2636	what is the isbn of the book with marc yankus on its cover?	  The ISBN of the book with Marc Yankus on its cover is 978-1-59005-086-3.
2637	locate a book whose first edition is kindle books.	  One example of a Kindle book with a first edition is The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins.
2638	krohn air has a hub at which airport?	  Krohn Air does not have a hub at any airport.
2639	the unit of energy called joule per gram is used by which measurement system?	  The unit of energy called joule per gram is used by the International System of Units (SI).
2640	the right wing back position is played by which football player?	  Right wing backs are typically played by fullbacks or wingers.
2641	how many languages do they speak in the fictional setting of hobbiton?	  In the fictional setting of Hobbiton, the Hobbits speak a language called Westron, which is a form of Common Speech.
2642	the guage (mm) 1676.4 is in what locomotive class?	  This gauge does not correspond to any known locomotive class.
2643	less than 1.0 in telsas density is had by what unit of magnetic flux?	  The unit of magnetic flux is the maxwell (Mx).
2644	what musical soundtrack was released earliest?	  The earliest musical soundtrack released was the score for the 1925 silent film The Phantom of the Opera, composed by Gustav Hinrichs.
2645	607.0 is the mouth elevation of which rivers?	  The mouth elevation of the Columbia River is 607.0 feet (185.0 meters).
2646	which electric system has locomotive system british rail class 86?	  The British Rail Class 86 electric locomotive is powered by the 25 kV AC overhead system.
2647	olin was the designer of what ship?	  The USS Constitution, also known as "Old Ironsides".
2648	which measurement system has volts	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the unit of volts (V) to measure electric potential difference.
2649	adventure soft publishes which video game?	  Adventure Soft is best known for their series of adventure games, most notably the Simon the Sorcerer series.
2650	roman catholic diocese of las cruces is a member of what religious organization?	  The Roman Catholic Diocese of Las Cruces is a member of the Roman Catholic Church.
2651	worldofwarcraft is the creation of which video game designer?	  World of Warcraft was created by Blizzard Entertainment, a video game developer and publisher based in Irvine, California.
2652	what is the unit used to describe a frequency of 1.0 in hertz?	  1 Hertz (Hz)
2653	name the video game region that lostwinds: winter of the melodias was released in.	  The video game region that LostWinds: Winter of the Melodias was released in is North America.
2654	what is the largest unit of length in meters?	  The largest unit of length in meters is the kilometer (km), which is equal to 1000 meters.
2655	red engine is the successor engine to what video game?	  The Red Engine is the successor engine to the Aurora Engine, which was used in the Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion and Fallout 3 video games.
2656	what court jurisdiction area is where the most recent buried person died?	  The court jurisdiction area where the most recent buried person died depends on the location of the burial.
2657	the fujifilm uses what type of uncompressed format?	  Fujifilm cameras use the RAF (Fujifilm Raw Format) file format, which is an uncompressed, lossless RAW image format.
2658	which hotel has the restaurant el mercadito deli cafe?	  The Holiday Inn Express & Suites San Diego Downtown has the restaurant El Mercadito Deli Cafe.
2659	psw are supported by how many computing platforms?	  The Microsoft PowerShell scripting language is supported by Windows, Linux, macOS, and other operating systems.
2660	what is the name of the oxidizer of the bipropellant rocket engine with largest diameter?	  The oxidizer of the bipropellant rocket engine with the largest diameter is liquid oxygen, also known as LOX.
2661	what soundtrack featured the artist azam ali?	  The soundtrack featuring Azam Ali is the original motion picture soundtrack for the movie The Wrestler (2008).
2662	name the measurement system which has an exposure unit of coulomb per kilogram.	  The Roentgen (R) is the measurement system that has an exposure unit of coulomb per kilogram.
2663	who is the owner of the radio station wclw?	  The owner of WCLW is Cox Media Group.
2664	when it comes to a coins what is the number of collectible items included?	  The number of collectible items included in a coin collection can vary greatly depending on the collector's preferences and budget. Some collectors may only collect a few coins, while others may have hundreds or even thousands of coins in their collection.
2665	which military unit size designation has the unit of 2nd colorado cavalry regiment?	  The 2nd Colorado Cavalry Regiment is a regiment-sized unit, which would be designated as a "Regiment" in military terms.
2666	which measurement system has the permittivity units of farad per metre?	  The SI (International System of Units) measurement system has the permittivity units of Farad per metre.
2667	which tv song was composed by walker?	  The song "On My Way" by Alan Walker was composed by Walker himself.
2668	1.0 is the standard for which unit when measuring luminous flux?	  Lumens (lm)
2669	fc tom tomsk is located where?	  Tom Tomsk is located in southwestern Siberia, Russia.
2670	find the video game version published by nda productions.	  Unfortunately, NDA Productions does not appear to have any published video games.
2671	which video games comes after id tech 4?	  Id Tech 5, also known as the id Tech engine, is the fifth iteration of the id Tech engine released in 2013. It is used in the video game engines of some of the most popular games, including Doom 3, Quake 4, Prey, and Wolfenstein: The New Order.
2672	the text at the core of c&ma and honored by prayer practitioners is what?	  The core text of the Christian and Missionary Alliance (C&MA) is the Bible. It is honored by prayer practitioners as the inspired Word of God.
2673	what game came before star wars jedi knight ii: jedi outcast?	  Star Wars Jedi Knight: Dark Forces II.
2674	what steam locomotive class has the wheel configuration of 0-4-0.	  The 0-4-0 wheel configuration is most commonly associated with the American Baldwin 4-4-0 "American" steam locomotive class.
2675	which newspaper owner owns the carrboro nc school news paper?	  The Carrboro NC School News Paper is owned by the Chapel Hill News.
2676	pintades cook book is used as a guidebook in which series?	  The Pintades Cook Book is used as a guidebook in the Great British Bake Off series.
2677	what measurement system has statcoulomb as a unit of charge?	  The statcoulomb is a unit of electric charge in the centimeter-gram-second system of units (CGS).
2678	who does own the pro sieben tv station ?	  ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE owns the ProSieben TV station.
2679	name the video game rating whose rating system includes the content descriptor of online.	  ESRB (Entertainment Software Rating Board)
2680	microsoft windows supports what number of video game distribution systems?	  Microsoft Windows supports two primary video game distribution systems: Steam and the Microsoft Store.
2681	what specific energy unit has the smallest energy in joules per kilogram?	  The smallest energy unit in joules per kilogram is the calorie (cal), which is equal to 4.184 joules per kilogram.
2682	seneca falls convention belongs to what conference subject?	  The Seneca Falls Convention was a women's rights convention held in Seneca Falls, New York in July 1848. It is widely known as the first women's rights convention in the United States. The convention was organized by Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Lucretia Mott to discuss the social, civil, and religious rights of women.
2683	in the construction of new york central park what type of currency is used?	  New York Central Park is funded by a combination of public and private sources, including city, state, and federal funds. Private donations are also accepted in the form of cash, checks, and credit cards.
2684	sokotel oy is known to own what hotel brand?	  Sokotel Oy is the parent company of Sokos Hotels, a hotel chain with over 40 locations in Finland.
2685	what unit of brake specific fuel consumption contains the least brake specific fuel consumption in grams per joule?	  Grams per kilowatt-hour (g/kWh) contains the least brake specific fuel consumption.
2686	immortalized ancient human is which fictional character's species?	  The immortalized ancient human is a member of the species known as the Q from the Star Trek universe.
2687	which film producer's weight is at most 115.0?	  There is no specific film producer with a weight of 115.0.
2688	which publisher publishes books in the greek?	  The largest Greek publisher is Patakis Publications, which publishes books in a variety of genres, including fiction, non-fiction, educational, and children's books.
2689	what is the video game rating in system british board of film classification?	  The British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) does not rate video games.
2690	what is the total amount of games created by underground development?	  It is impossible to provide an exact answer to this question as Underground Development is an independent game development studio that has created several games over the years.
2691	cryengine2 is the successor engine of what video game engine?	  CryEngine is the successor engine of the Crytek game engine, which was used in the Far Cry series.
2692	what is the video game engine that does proceed m.u.g.e.n?	  The engine used for M.U.G.E.N is the Elecbyte engine.
2693	the international system of units system uses what unit for radioactivity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the becquerel (Bq) as the unit for radioactivity.
2694	canon eos-1ds has an uncompressed format of what?	  The Canon EOS-1Ds has an uncompressed format of 14-bit RAW.
2695	name the main subject of millennium anxiety?	  The main subject of Millennium Anxiety is the fear of the unknown and potential disasters associated with the transition from the 20th century to the 21st century.
2696	greengates express chair attends to which ski runs?	  Greengates Express Chair is located at the Big White Ski Resort in British Columbia, Canada, and it services several ski runs, including the World Cup Run, the Ridge Rocket, and the Black Forest.
2697	gravitational field is measured using what tools?	  Gravitational fields are measured using tools such as gravimeters, accelerometers, and tiltmeters.
2698	the digital cameras that have an optical zoom of a lesser value than 26.0 include which cameras?	  1. Canon PowerShot SX620 HS (20x optical zoom) 2. Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ70 (60x optical zoom) 3. Nikon Coolpix B500 (40x optical zoom) 4. Sony Cyber-shot DSC-HX90V (30x optical zoom) 5. Olympus Stylus TG-870 (21x optical zoom) 6. Fujifilm FinePix XP90 (5x optical zoom) 7. Kodak PixPro AZ401 (24x optical zoom) 8. Ricoh WG-50 (5x optical zoom) 9. Samsung WB350F (21x optical zoom) 10. Panasonic Lumix DMC-LX100 (24x optical zoom)
2699	tiresias holds how many occupations?	  Tiresias is said to have held seven different occupations, including prophet, seer, shepherd, beekeeper, beekeeper-priest, tavern-keeper, and judge.
2700	a locus of 3 - [152126639,152173475] belongs to which chromosome?	  This locus is on chromosome 8.
2701	1.0 coulombs per square meter is equal to what unit?	  This is equivalent to 1.0 coulombs per square meter, which is the same as 1.0 coulombs per square meter per second, or 1.0 amperes per square meter.
2702	with a rate in bits per second under that of 1000.0, what is the unit of data contained in the international system of units?	  The unit of data contained in the International System of Units is the bit (binary digit).
2703	what was the origin of the name of h. g. wells?	  The name "H. G. Wells" was derived from the initials of his full name, Herbert George Wells.
2704	what type of program engines are available on rpg maker	  RPG Maker offers two types of program engines: the RPG Maker XP engine and the RPG Maker VX Ace engine. The XP engine is an older engine that is no longer supported, while the VX Ace engine is the current engine and is used in the latest versions of RPG Maker.
2705	how many exhibitions were made by the art gallery of nsw?	  It is not possible to provide an exact answer to this question as the Art Gallery of NSW hosts a variety of exhibitions throughout the year and the exact number of exhibitions changes each year.
2706	the luminous flux units of lm is part of what measurement system?	  The luminous flux unit of lm is part of the International System of Units (SI).
2707	the most recently manufactured aircraft was what?	  The most recently manufactured aircraft is the Boeing 777X, which was unveiled in 2020.
2708	how many video game distribution system does mac os support?	  Mac OS currently supports two major video game distribution systems: Steam and the Mac App Store.
2709	what is the name of the file format that has the same genre as the aes-ebu embedded timecode?	  The file format that has the same genre as the AES-EBU embedded timecode is the SMPTE-30M file format.
2710	permittivity units of farad per metre are part of which measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
2711	what two additional comic book characters were developed by the creator of sepie who also is known as batman?	  The two additional comic book characters developed by the creator of Batman, Bob Kane, are Robin and Catwoman.
2712	the locomotive classes of gnr class n2 are what?	  The Great Northern Railway (GNR) Class N2 was a class of 0-6-2T steam locomotives designed by Henry Ivatt. They were built between 1897 and 1903, and a total of 463 were constructed. The N2s were used for freight and passenger services on the GNR's suburban lines.
2713	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 1.65?	  Giraffe
2714	what video game developer developed the sega smash pack game and version of sonic the hedgehog game?	  Sega was the video game developer for the Sega Smash Pack game and the version of Sonic the Hedgehog game.
2715	what are the sponsors of africa singapore business forum?	  The sponsors of the Africa Singapore Business Forum include:  - Mastercard - Standard Chartered - Microsoft - Deloitte - Bain & Company - KPMG - PwC - EY - Visa - Shell - Total - IBM - Accenture - Oracle - Huawei - Econet - African Development Bank - African Export-Import Bank - African Union - Afreximbank - United Nations Development Programme - United Nations Industrial Development Organization - World Bank Group - African Business Council - Africa Business Group
2716	nic.bi was registered by which tld registry?	  bi is the country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Burundi, and is administered by the Burundi National Center for Information Technology (CNTI).
2717	which architect is known for post-structuralism?	  The French architect and theorist Bernard Tschumi is known for his work in post-structuralism.
2718	which game version for the kinect for xbox 360 supports the japan region?	  The Xbox 360 Kinect Japan version supports the Japan region.
2719	what content type is on the album classic rock: the new generation?	  The content type of the album Classic Rock: The New Generation is rock music.
2720	katina was the singer of what musical voice?	  Katina was the lead singer of the pop group t.A.T.u., a Russian music duo that rose to international fame in the early 2000s.
2721	what is the name of the unit of length that is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include candareen?	  The unit of length associated with the candareen measurement system is the li (里), which is equivalent to approximately 0.5 kilometers.
2722	what conference series is sponsored by hugh o'brian youth leadership foundation and is a youth leadership development?	  The Hugh O'Brian Youth Leadership (HOBY) program is a series of youth leadership development conferences sponsored by the Hugh O'Brian Youth Leadership Foundation.
2723	what is the measurement system if the speed unit is metre per second?	  The measurement system used when the speed unit is metre per second is the International System of Units (SI).
2724	which automotive class uses the elvis presley's pink cadillac as one of its example models?	  The Cadillac Eldorado, which Elvis Presley's pink Cadillac is an example of, is a luxury car that is part of the Cadillac luxury car class.
2725	what's the status of the websites owned by akshita jain?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing the specific websites owned by Akshita Jain.
2726	what magazine issue did carl lundgren do the cover art for?	  Carl Lundgren did the cover art for the April 1993 issue of Heavy Metal magazine.
2727	who's the oldest architect?	  It is difficult to answer this question definitively as there is no definitive list of the oldest living architects. However, a few of the oldest living architects include:   -Fumihiko Maki (born 1928) -Richard Rogers (born 1933) -I.M. Pei (born 1917) -Frank Gehry (born 1929) -Cesar Pelli (born 1926) -Rafael Moneo (born 1937) -Steven Holl (born 1947)
2728	the meson has what subatomic particles?	  A meson is a subatomic particle composed of one quark and one antiquark.
2729	shibuya station is the terminuses of which railway?	  Shibuya Station is the terminus of the JR Yamanote Line, Tokyo Metro Ginza Line, Hanzomon Line, Fukutoshin Line, and Tokyu Den-en-toshi Line.
2730	the leader of both greek orthodoxy and the religion that worships church of notre-dame-des-arts is who?	  The leader of Greek Orthodoxy is the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople, and the leader of the religion that worships the Church of Notre-Dame-des-Arts is the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Notre-Dame-des-Arts.
2731	find any majors with an accompanying minor in political sciences.	  1. Political Science Major with a Minor in Political Science 2. International Relations Major with a Minor in Political Science 3. History Major with a Minor in Political Science 4. Economics Major with a Minor in Political Science 5. Sociology Major with a Minor in Political Science 6. Philosophy Major with a Minor in Political Science 7. Psychology Major with a Minor in Political Science 8. Anthropology Major with a Minor in Political Science 9. Law Major with a Minor in Political Science 10. Public Administration Major with a Minor in Political Science
2732	which release from the australia supports xb360?	  The Xbox 360 was released in Australia on March 23, 2006.
2733	simran is practiced in how many religions?	  Simran is practiced in many religions, including Sikhism, Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism.
2734	can you tell me what measuring system uses luminous flux units of lm?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the lumen (lm) as the unit of luminous flux.
2735	what currency was used in the construction of new york central park?	  The New York Central Park was constructed using United States Dollars (USD).
2736	what has been influenced by boulder dash?	  Boulder Dash has been a major influence on many classic video games, including Dig Dug, Lode Runner, and Chip's Challenge. It has also been a major influence on more modern games, such as the Super Mario series, Spelunky, and the Minecraft-inspired Terraria. Additionally, Boulder Dash has been referenced in various other media, such as the TV show The Simpsons and the movie Wreck-It Ralph.
2737	the chrome engine 5 was proceeded by which video game engine?	  The Chrome Engine 5 was preceded by the Chrome Engine 4, which was used in the video game Call of Juarez: Bound in Blood.
2738	pascal second is the viscosity unit in which measurement system?	  The Pascal second is the unit of dynamic viscosity in the SI (International System of Units) system of measurement.
2739	what rail gauge has the most maximum width?	  The widest railway gauge in the world is the Russian 1520 mm gauge.
2740	how many spacecrafts did northrop grumman corp. and trw inc. make?	  It is not possible to answer this question with any certainty, as Northrop Grumman and TRW Inc. have both been involved in the design and manufacture of many different spacecraft over the years.
2741	the operating organization of santa barbara police department is what government service?	  The Santa Barbara Police Department is a government service provided by the City of Santa Barbara.
2742	which adaptation adapted another adaptation which stems from not cool?	  The Netflix film To All the Boys I've Loved Before, which was adapted from the 2014 young adult novel of the same name by Jenny Han, is an adaptation of the original story "Not Cool" by Beth Reekles.
2743	what musical recording contains track the six symphonies with a length longer than 917.0?	  The complete set of Ludwig van Beethoven's nine symphonies, performed by the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, conducted by Herbert von Karajan.
2744	which comic book series does issue y: the last man #39 belong to?	  Y: The Last Man is a comic book series written by Brian K. Vaughan and published by Vertigo Comics.
2745	which video game designer also designed a musical game followed by parappa the rapper 2?	  Masaya Matsuura
2746	celsius shares a measurement system with what unit of energy?	  The joule.
2747	the international system of units coins the unit of radiant intensity as?	  The International System of Units (SI) coins the unit of radiant intensity as the watt per steradian (W/sr).
2748	cnr dalian builds locomotives of which class?	  CNRC Dalian builds locomotives of the DF7G, DF7G-A, DF7G-B, DF7G-C, DF7G-D and DF7G-E classes.
2749	portland convention center shares a conference series with what conference event?	  The Portland Convention Center shares a conference series with the Oregon Conference Series.
2750	what ship type has type 039 submarine as its class?	  The Type 039 submarine is a class of diesel-electric submarines of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN). They are also known by the NATO reporting name of Song class.
2751	who is the video game publisher of the prince of persia: the sands of time games?	  The video game publisher of the Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time games is Ubisoft.
2752	what is the unit of specific heat capacity in the measurement system which uses kilopound-force per square inch for pressure?	  The unit of specific heat capacity in the kilopound-force per square inch system is British Thermal Units per pound-mass per degree Fahrenheit (Btu/lb-°F).
2753	the latest released version of the game aksys games was published in what region?	  Aksys Games is a Japanese video game publisher, so the latest released version of their games was published in Japan.
2754	which video game platform has the games fun school 4: for 5 to 7 year olds?	  Fun School 4: for 5 to 7 year olds is available for PC and Mac.
2755	speed skating at the 1956 winter olympics - men's 1500m include what olympic games?	  The 1956 Winter Olympics, officially known as the VII Olympic Winter Games, were held in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy from 26 January to 5 February 1956. The Men's 1500m Speed Skating event was won by American speed skater Terry McDermott.
2756	enterbrain developed what video game engine?	  Unreal Engine.
2757	the ballad of lucy whipple is the adaptation source of which adaptation?	  The Ballad of Lucy Whipple is the source material for the 1998 television movie adaptation of the novel by Karen Cushman, titled Catherine, Called Birdy.
2758	what video game company published sherwood?	  Sherwood was published by Ubi Soft Entertainment.
2759	space quest: vohaul strikes back uses what type of video game engine?	  Vohaul Strikes Back uses the Adventure Game Studio (AGS) engine.
2760	sex is a content descriptor of what video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the video game rating system that includes a content descriptor for Sex.
2761	can you name the video game that expanded kick off: extra time?	  FIFA International Soccer: Extra Time Edition
2762	what video game series also includes a video game expansion that was designed by kojima?	  The Metal Gear Solid series, which was created and directed by Hideo Kojima, includes the video game expansion Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain.
2763	which disney ride most recently opened?	  The newest Disney ride is Mickey & Minnie's Runaway Railway, which opened at Disney's Hollywood Studios in Orlando, Florida on March 4, 2020.
2764	centennial is made from the same hops as which beer?	  Centennial hops are used in Sierra Nevada Pale Ale.
2765	what geographical scope does the conference series on logic programming address?	  The conference series on logic programming typically addresses topics related to logic programming from a global perspective. This includes topics such as the theoretical foundations of logic programming, the implementation of logic programming systems, and the application of logic programming to various domains.
2766	which inventor has the quotation related to we'll never know the worth of water till the well go dry.?	  The quotation "We'll never know the worth of water till the well go dry" is attributed to Benjamin Franklin.
2767	what number of spacecrafts did lockheed martin and msss manufacture?	  It is not possible to answer this question with the information provided.
2768	the vice comes from which genre?	  Vice is a genre of film and television that typically deals with crime and immorality. It often explores topics such as corruption, drug abuse, prostitution, organized crime, and police brutality.
2769	for deracoxib what is the number of contraindications?	  There are 5 contraindications associated with deracoxib: 1) hypersensitivity to deracoxib, 2) patients with severe heart failure, 3) patients with severe liver disease, 4) patients with active peptic ulcer disease, and 5) patients with renal impairment.
2770	boris kaufman has what artwork?	  Boris Kaufman was a cinematographer and director best known for his work on the classic film On the Waterfront (1954), which won him an Academy Award for Best Cinematography. His other notable works include The Man with the Golden Arm (1955), The Brothers Karamazov (1958), and The Hustler (1961). Kaufman also directed several films, including the cult classic Little Fugitive (1953).
2771	vw group is a major customer of which consumer company?	  VW Group is a major customer of the German automotive company Volkswagen.
2772	what is the exhibition which has the same exhibition curator as future pavilion?	  The exhibition which has the same exhibition curator as Future Pavilion is the 2018 Triennale di Milano, which was curated by Paola Antonelli.
2773	the developer of wow developed which video game version?	  World of Warcraft (WoW) was developed by Blizzard Entertainment, and the most recent version is WoW Classic.
2774	what type of content is on the album five treasure island?	  Five Treasure Island is a studio album by the Japanese rock band Bump of Chicken. The album contains 11 tracks, including the singles "Hello, World!" and "Tentai Kansoku". The majority of the album's content is rock music, with some pop and electronic influences.
2775	jalal al-din rumi was featured in what radio episode?	  There is no record of Jalal al-Din Rumi being featured in any radio episode.
2776	the measurement system of international system of units is used for what unit of permittivity?	  The measurement system of the International System of Units (SI) is used to measure the electric permittivity of a material in Farads per meter (F/m).
2777	which martial artist is the heaviest?	  There is no definitive answer to this question, as the weight of martial artists can vary greatly.
2778	the subject prisons is in what radio programs?	  The subject of prisons has been addressed in a variety of radio programs, including National Public Radio's "All Things Considered," BBC Radio's "The World," and "The Takeaway" from Public Radio International. Other radio programs that have addressed prisons include "The State of Things" from North Carolina Public Radio, "Reveal" from the Center for Investigative Reporting, and "The Story" from American Public Media.
2779	the fix is written by what theatrical lyricist?	  The answer depends on the specific lyricist and the specific fix.
2780	the musical game that has the version of gitaroo man is in what gameplay mode?	  Guitaroo Man is a rhythm game that is played in a single-player mode.
2781	the measurement system of katal uses which unit of luminance?	  The measurement system of katal uses lux (lx) as the unit of luminance.
2782	name the video game compilation which includes switchblade.	  Switchblade is included in the Atari Flashback Classics collection.
2783	what is the most recent presentation?	  The most recent presentation would depend on the topic and context.
2784	20.65 is the length of which railway?	  20.65 meters is not the length of any railway.
2785	how many computing platforms support pma?	  There are currently over 20 computing platforms that support PMA, including Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, Android, iOS, and more.
2786	what is the name of the subatomic particle that'ss part of the same family of particles as the bottom quark?	  The subatomic particle that is part of the same family of particles as the bottom quark is the strange quark.
2787	id tech 4 is the successor engine of what video game engine?	  id Tech 3.
2788	which unit of data transmission rate is 1024.0 rate in bits per second?	  1024.0 bits per second.
2789	which featured artist has the recordings of victoria's secret?	  The artist who has recorded music for Victoria's Secret is Taylor Swift.
2790	what theatrical composer is bigger than 52.0 kilograms?	  Stephen Sondheim
2791	what are the locomotives of class br standard class 7?	  The BR Standard Class 7 locomotives were a class of 4-6-2 Pacific steam locomotives designed for British Railways in 1951. The class was built between 1951 and 1954, with a total of 70 locomotives being constructed. The locomotives were numbered 70000-70069.
2792	what is the rail gauge with minimum width smaller than 1372.0?	  The minimum rail gauge width is 1435mm (56.5 inches).
2793	the unit of absorbed dose in international system of units is ?	  The unit of absorbed dose in the International System of Units (SI) is the gray (Gy).
2794	what's the camera uncompressed format of d60?	  The Nikon D60 uses NEF (Nikon Electronic File) as the camera's uncompressed file format.
2795	what is the new name of the arizona cardinals, the american football team?	  The Arizona Cardinals are still the Arizona Cardinals.
2796	the genomic locus in chromosome 20 (human) can be found where?	  The genomic locus in chromosome 20 (human) can be found at 20p11.21-q11.22.
2797	the tv show little house on the prairie was filmed at which tv location?	  The tv show Little House on the Prairie was filmed at the Paramount Ranch in Agoura Hills, California.
2798	who is the females chef of greek food cuisine?	  The most well-known female chef of Greek cuisine is Maria Loi. She is a celebrity chef, restaurateur, and cookbook author who is considered the ambassador of modern Greek cuisine.
2799	zoneedit was registered by which tld registry?	  Zoneedit was registered by the .com top-level domain registry.
2800	bible is the subject of what video game?	  The Bible is not the subject of any video game.
2801	what is the unit of catalytic activity in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of catalytic activity in the International System of Units (SI) is the katal (kat).
2802	what is the name of the family of a computer processor that is also a variant of atmega164pa?	  The family of a computer processor that is a variant of the ATmega164PA is called the ATmega164P.
2803	how does international system of units measure length?	  The International System of Units (SI) measures length in meters.
2804	what is the unit of specific volume in international system of units?	  The unit of specific volume in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per kilogram (m3/kg).
2805	name the style of le petit merle aux alouettes.	  The style of Le Petit Merle aux Alouettes is Baroque.
2806	what unit of plane angle is the a measurement system with surface density units of kilogram per square metre?	  The unit of plane angle is radian (rad).
2807	what is the medical specialty which has the associated diseases or conditions of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome?	  The medical specialty which has the associated diseases or conditions of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) is Infectious Disease.
2808	what is the amount of video game distribution systems that linux os supports?	  There is no definitive answer to this question, as the number of video game distribution systems that Linux OS supports depends on the specific Linux distribution and version being used. However, many popular Linux distributions support a wide variety of video game distribution systems, including Steam, GOG, itch.io, and Humble Bundle.
2809	name the medical trial that ganciclovir has been tested for.	  Ganciclovir has been tested in clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection and disease.
2810	the alliance of sky team alliance has which airline under it?	  SkyTeam Alliance includes the following airlines: Aeroflot, Aerolineas Argentinas, Aeromexico, Air Europa, Air France, Alitalia, China Airlines, China Eastern, China Southern, Czech Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Garuda Indonesia, Kenya Airways, KLM, Korean Air, Middle East Airlines, Saudia, TAROM, Vietnam Airlines, XiamenAir.
2811	magnetic field strength unit of ampere per metre has how many unit of volume?	  Ampere per metre is a unit of magnetic field strength, not volume.
2812	watt per steradian is the radiant intensity unit in which measurement system?	  The radiant intensity unit of watts per steradian is part of the International System of Units (SI).
2813	which wine in french republic is made of the same fruit as 2003 kunde "robusto" sonoma valley estate zinfandel?	  Le vin produit dans la République française qui est fait à partir du même fruit que le Kunde "Robusto" Sonoma Valley Estate Zinfandel 2003 est le Côtes du Rhône.
2814	mr. potato head has how many collectable items?	  Mr. Potato Head has over 500 collectable items.
2815	21.0 is the max speed of what ship class?	  The maximum speed of the Arleigh Burke-class destroyer is approximately 30 knots (34.5 mph/55.5 km/h).
2816	what genre category does the video game actua golf fall in?	  Actua Golf falls into the Sports genre category.
2817	gray per second is used as which measurement systems absorbed dose rate unit?	  Gray per second (Gy/s) is used as a unit of absorbed dose rate in the International System of Units (SI) and the International Commission on Radiation Units and Measurements (ICRU).
2818	dárvin chávez is an olympic athlete affiliated with which country?	  Víctor Hugo Chávez is an Olympic athlete from Mexico.
2819	what geographical feature has a subcategory of glaciokarst?	  Karst
2820	of classes of electric locomotive, which was introduced most recently?	  The most recently introduced class of electric locomotive is the Bombardier TRAXX F140 AC3.
2821	when it comes to the measurement system with ampere per metre what unit of time belongs to this same measurement?	  The unit of time that belongs to the measurement system of amperes per metre is seconds.
2822	the series symposium on principles of distributed computing has what conference subject?	  The series Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing is a conference on distributed computing and distributed systems.
2823	a particular religion that practices noble eightfold path is accounted in which religious book?	  The Noble Eightfold Path is a central teaching of Buddhism, and is outlined in the Pali Canon, the earliest known Buddhist scriptures.
2824	which locomotive class is it that has a weight of 129.0?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing the specific make, model, and year of the locomotive.
2825	in the romanian units of measurement, how many different units of length are there?	  There are six different units of length in the Romanian units of measurement: Șuviță (sv), Șuviță de Vânătoare (svv), Pogoane (pog), Arșini (arș), Metri (m), and Kilometri (km).
2826	there exists a unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 1e+06 seconds, what is it?	  The unit of time in the International System of Units (SI) used to measure less than one million seconds is the second (s).
2827	how many exhibition subjects are in nature interrupted?	  There are a total of eight exhibition subjects in Nature Interrupted: Forests, Oceans, Rivers, Climate Change, Human Impact, Animals, Insects, and Plants.
2828	which locomotives have a class of sncf class cc 6500?	  The SNCF Class CC 6500 is a class of electric locomotives used by the French National Railway (SNCF). The locomotives were built by Alstom between 1992 and 1998 and are rated at 6,500 kW. They are used primarily for freight transport, but have also been used for passenger service.
2829	which video game designer designed both sonic 3d and sonic and knuckles?	  Yuji Naka is the video game designer who designed both Sonic 3D and Sonic and Knuckles.
2830	konami collector's series: arcade advanced game and version of frogger's adventures: the rescue game was developed by which video game developer.	  Konami Collector's Series: Arcade Advanced Game and Version of Frogger's Adventures: The Rescue was developed by Konami Digital Entertainment.
2831	which conference series does esa sponsor?	  The European Space Agency (ESA) sponsors a number of conference series, including the International Astronautical Congress (IAC), European Space Power Conference (ESPC), and European Space Agency Ministerial Council (MC).
2832	what system does have shaku measurement unit?	  The shaku is a traditional Japanese unit of measurement, primarily used in architecture and carpentry. It is also used for measuring the length of swords and other weapons. The shaku is still used in Japan today, although it has been largely replaced by the metric system.
2833	which unit of energy of the measurement system uses a heat capacity unit called joule per kelvin?	  The unit of energy in the International System of Units (SI) that uses a heat capacity unit called joule per kelvin is the joule per kelvin (J/K).
2834	which medical specialty has the associated diseases or conditions of urinary tract infections?	  Urology.
2835	what uint to you use to express 0.001 unit of energy in joules per kilogram?	  1 millijoule per kilogram (mJ/kg)
2836	crayons has artworks from which period/movement?	  Crayons has artworks from various periods and movements, including abstract expressionism, pop art, surrealism, contemporary, and modern.
2837	which astronaut who is also an test pilot is the shortest?	  The shortest astronaut who is also a test pilot is Eileen Collins, who is 5 feet, 4 inches tall.
2838	metre per second squared for acceleration is used for which measurement system?	  The metre per second squared (m/s2) is a unit of acceleration in the International System of Units (SI).
2839	the earliest released operation system including pc dos 1.0 was created by who?	  Microsoft.
2840	the international system of units contains which unit of conductance?	  The international system of units contains the unit of conductance known as the Siemens (symbol: S).
2841	adventure soft published what video game?	  Adventure Soft published a variety of video games, including the popular adventure game series, Simon the Sorcerer.
2842	avonside engine company builds locomotives of which class?	  Avonside Engine Company builds locomotives of the 0-6-0 wheel arrangement, commonly known as "saddle tank" locomotives.
2843	sep. the 29th, 2009 is the label date of which manufactured drug?	  It is not possible to answer this question without more information about the drug in question.
2844	mount hood is a beer hop similar to what?	  The Cascade hop is a type of beer hop similar to the Mount Hood hop. Both are characterized by their subtle, floral, and herbal aroma and flavor.
2845	name the episode of a radio program whose artist is irene worth.	  The episode of the radio program featuring Irene Worth is titled "Irene Worth: The Actress Who Changed the American Theater."
2846	what is the unit of inverse temperature means the temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins is greater or equal to 1.0?	  The unit of inverse temperature is Kelvin (K).
2847	which editions are in the series of sacred band of stepsons?	  The Sacred Band of Stepsons series consists of five books:  1. Sacred Band (2013) 2. The King of Attolia (2014) 3. A Conspiracy of Kings (2015) 4. Thick as Thieves (2016) 5. The Queen's Thief (2017)
2848	what geographical scope belongs to the conference series which is the subject of religious?	  The geographical scope of a religious conference series can vary widely depending on the type of conference and its purpose. For example, a conference series focused on a particular faith may be limited to a specific region or country, while a conference series focused on a broader topic such as interfaith dialogue may have a global scope.
2849	in what class does mark vii monorail blue belong?	  Mark VII Monorail Blue belongs to the Mark VII Monorail class of trains.
2850	what conference sponsor sponsored the same conference series with université de montréal?	  The main sponsor of the Université de Montréal conference series is the Fonds de recherche du Québec (FRQ).
2851	of the bipropellant rocket engines that uses oxidizer of lox, which ones have a chamber pressure of less than 167.0?	  The following bipropellant rocket engines that use liquid oxygen (LOX) as an oxidizer have a chamber pressure of less than 167.0:  - AJ26-58 - AR1 - BE-3U - F-1 - J-2 - Kestrel - NK-33 - RD-170 - RS-25 - RS-68
2852	what unit of data transmission rate is the data rate units of international system of units and has a rate in bits per second of less than 1e+09?	  The unit of data transmission rate in the International System of Units (SI) is the bit per second (bps). A data rate of less than 1e+09 bps would be in the kilobits per second (Kbps) range.
2853	which hotel brand is owned by rydges hotels & resorts?	  Rydges Hotels & Resorts is a brand owned by Event Hospitality & Entertainment, an Australian-based hospitality and entertainment company.
2854	what us the name of the conference series that focuses on can-con?	  The Canadian Conference on Computer and Robot Vision (CRV) is the leading conference series that focuses on Canadian content (Can-Con).
2855	6 is the minimum typical age for which grade level?	  Grade 1.
2856	what is the name of the comic strip character that has the biggest height?	  The tallest comic strip character is probably the character of Big Max in the comic strip Big Max and Friends. He stands at an impressive 9 feet tall.
2857	l6 is what engine?	  The BMW N62 is a naturally aspirated V8 engine that was produced from 2002 to 2010. It is BMW's first V8 engine to feature variable valve lift (called Valvetronic by BMW).
2858	find the smallest unit of mass in terms of weightmass of kilograms	  The smallest unit of mass in terms of weight is the gram, which is equal to one thousandth of a kilogram.
2859	extended stay hotels is owned by what hotel brand?	  Extended Stay Hotels is owned by the Extended Stay America hotel brand.
2860	who was a student under william chow?	  Notable students of William Chow include Chinese-American architect I.M. Pei, Chinese-American architect Maya Lin, and Chinese-American architect C.C. Wang.
2861	the international system of units is used for which unit of energy density?	  The international system of units (SI) is used for the unit of energy density, which is joules per cubic meter (J/m3).
2862	how many units of volume are there in the non-si units mentioned in the si?	  There are four non-SI units of volume: liter, gallon, quart, and pint.
2863	which video game uses game engine of adventure game interpreter?	  The game engine Adventure Game Interpreter (AGI) was used to create several classic adventure games, including King's Quest I, King's Quest II, King's Quest III, Manhunter I and II, Mixed-Up Mother Goose, and Space Quest I and II.
2864	name the medical trial that memantine has been tested for.	  Memantine has been tested in clinical trials for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, vascular dementia, multiple sclerosis, Huntington's disease, and bipolar disorder.
2865	what is the subject of state farm: good neighbor or bad faith?	  The subject of State Farm: Good Neighbor or Bad Faith is the company's record of providing good customer service and the potential for bad faith insurance practices.
2866	a genomic locus that has an end base of larger than 28879309, and has the band of human cytogenetic band 2p23.2 is which genomic locus?	  The exact genomic locus is not known, but it is likely located within the range of 28879309-38203317 on the 2p23.2 band of the human cytogenetic map.
2867	what unit of specific energy is used in the measurement system known as the international system of units?	  The unit of specific energy used in the International System of Units (SI) is the joule per kilogram (J/kg).
2868	name the exhibition producer that produces both the power of children: making a difference and lego castle adventure.	  The exhibition producer is the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh.
2869	according to the jewish calendar what is the last day of the week,	  The last day of the week in the Jewish calendar is Shabbat (or the Sabbath) which is observed from Friday night until Saturday night.
2870	what's the unit of charge of atomic units system?	  The unit of charge in the atomic units system is the elementary charge (e), which is equal to 1.602176634 × 10^-19 Coulombs.
2871	which unit of measure is used for units of fewer than 1.0 seconds by the international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses milliseconds (ms) for units of fewer than 1.0 second.
2872	name the unit of force with the smallest force in newtons.	  The millinewton (mN) is the unit of force with the smallest force in newtons, equal to one-thousandth of a newton (0.001 N).
2873	as writers become more numerous, it is natural for readers to become more indolent; whence must necessarily arise a desire of attaining knowledge with the greatest possible ease. is a quotation of which subject of quotation?	  This quotation is about the relationship between writers and readers.
2874	which video game designer has designed both warcraft iii reign of chaos and wow?	  The video game designer who has designed both Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and World of Warcraft (WoW) is Rob Pardo.
2875	chips and technologies produces how many processors?	  Chips and Technologies produces a wide variety of processors, including microprocessors, embedded processors, application processors, and digital signal processors (DSPs). The exact number of processors produced by the company is not available.
2876	which video game rating includes the content descriptor of drug reference?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) rating for drug reference is M (Mature).
2877	which video game versions were released in wii/ds europe?	  Some popular games released in Europe for the Wii and DS include Mario Kart Wii, New Super Mario Bros., Animal Crossing: Wild World, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games, and Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story.
2878	which radio program had a final broadcast on 1939?	  The last episode of the popular radio show The Shadow was broadcast on December 26, 1939.
2879	what type of conference is geschichte des revolutionszeitalters (j. burckhardt / uni basel 1867-1882)?	  This appears to be an academic conference series focused on the history of the revolutionary era, organized by the University of Basel from 1867-1882.
2880	what is the world of war craft expansion?	  World of Warcraft currently has seven major expansion packs:  1. World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade  2. World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King  3. World of Warcraft: Cataclysm  4. World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria  5. World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor  6. World of Warcraft: Legion  7. World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth
2881	chinese units of measurement contains what unit of length?	  The Chinese units of measurement include the chi (尺), cun (寸), fen (分), and li (里) for length.
2882	which measurement system has the luminance units of stilb?	  The CGS (centimeter-gram-second) measurement system has the luminance unit of stilb.
2883	the obsolete tatar units of measurement incorpates how many units of length?	  Tatar units of measurement incorporate two units of length: the arşin (arshin) and the sajene (sazhen).
2884	what's the name of the character that appears in the adventure of the red circle?	  The character in The Adventure of the Red Circle is Mrs. Warren.
2885	having the smallest test matches refereed applies to what cricket umpire?	  The cricket umpire with the smallest number of test matches refereed would be the umpire with the least experience.
2886	which rail gauge has the maximum width of 1435.0?	  The Indian gauge has the maximum width of 1435.0 mm.
2887	irradiance units measured in watt per square metre is indicative of which measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
2888	what musical instrument has the instrumentalist of ivar antonsen?	  Ivar Antonsen is a Norwegian drummer, so his main instrument is the drums. He also plays percussion, keyboards, and guitar.
2889	which patent has an associated invention that is associated with the patent biological analysis arrangement and approach therefor: u.s. patent no. 8,023,113?	  The invention associated with U.S. Patent No. 8,023,113 is a "Biological Analysis Arrangement and Approach Therefor". The invention is a system and method for analyzing biological samples, such as cells, tissues, and other biological materials, using a combination of optical and electrical analysis techniques.
2890	worshippers of paganism worship what deity?	  There is no single deity that is worshipped by all pagans. Paganism is an umbrella term for many different religions that have different beliefs and practices. Some of the most commonly worshipped deities in paganism include the Greek gods and goddesses, Norse gods and goddesses, Celtic gods and goddesses, and Egyptian gods and goddesses.
2891	neilson and company builds what class of locomotives?	  Neilson and Company builds steam locomotives.
2892	which locomotive class has a maximum speed of 97.0?	  The German ICE 3 high-speed train, which is part of the ICE 3 class, has a maximum speed of 97.0 mph (156 km/h).
2893	the frequency of 1000.0 hertz is described by what?	  1000.0 hertz is a frequency, which is the number of cycles per second of a periodic signal.
2894	what unit of volume is used in the measurement system with joule per mole per kelvin?	  The unit of volume used in the measurement system with joule per mole per kelvin is liters (L).
2895	which medical trial designed using valganciclovir (valcyte) for chronic fatigue syndrome patients who have elevated antibody titers against human herpes virus 6 (hhv-6)and epstein-barr virus (ebv) has the lowest expected total enrollment?	  There is no one medical trial designed using valganciclovir (Valcyte) for chronic fatigue syndrome patients with elevated antibody titers against human herpes virus 6 (HHV-6) and Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) that has the lowest expected total enrollment. The total enrollment of a clinical trial depends on a variety of factors such as the size of the target population, the study design, and the number of sites involved in the trial.
2896	what opera house has no less than 4 floors?	  The Palais Garnier in Paris, France has no less than four floors.
2897	what is the dimension that is measured by a measuring instrument that has subclasses including piga accelerometer?	  The dimension that is measured by a measuring instrument such as a piezoelectric accelerometer is acceleration.
2898	which exoplanet has an orbital period no more than 856.0?	  The exoplanet with an orbital period no more than 856.0 is HATS-18b, which orbits the star HATS-18 in the constellation of Hydra.
2899	what time zone has a dst offset more than 2.0 from utc?	  The time zones with a DST offset more than 2.0 from UTC are:  - Azores Standard Time (UTC+2:00 to UTC+3:00) - Middle East Standard Time (UTC+2:00 to UTC+3:00) - Eastern European Standard Time (UTC+2:00 to UTC+3:00) - Arabia Standard Time (UTC+3:00 to UTC+4:00) - Iran Standard Time (UTC+3:30 to UTC+4:30) - Caucasus Standard Time (UTC+4:00 to UTC+5:00) - Afghanistan Standard Time (UTC+4:30 to UTC+5:30) - West Asia Standard Time (UTC+5:00 to UTC+6:00) - India Standard Time (UTC+5:30 to UTC+6:30) - Nepal Standard Time (UTC+5:45 to UTC+6:45) - Central Asia Standard Time (UTC+6:00 to UTC+7:00) - Myanmar Standard Time (UTC+6:30 to UTC+7:30) - Southeast Asia Standard Time (UTC+7:00 to UTC+8:00) - China Standard Time (UTC+8:00 to UTC+9:00) - North Asia Standard Time (UTC+8:00 to UTC+9:00) - Singapore Standard Time (UTC+8:00 to UTC+9:00) - Taiwan Standard Time (UTC+8:00 to UTC+9:00) - Australia Central Standard Time (UTC+9:30 to UTC+10:30) - Australia Eastern Standard Time (UTC+10:00 to UTC+11:00) - Vladivostok Standard Time (UTC+10:00 to UTC+11:00) - West Pacific Standard Time (UTC+10:00 to UTC+11:00) - Central Pacific Standard Time (UTC+11:00 to UTC+12:00) - New Zealand Standard Time (UTC+12:00 to UTC+13:00)
2900	republican national convention is what type of conference?	  The Republican National Convention is a political convention held every four years by the Republican Party of the United States to select the party's nominees for President and Vice President.
2901	the guage (mm) 1524.0 is in what locomotive class?	  This is not a valid question since the gauge of a locomotive does not determine its class.
2902	british rail derby lightweight builds which locomotive class?	  The British Rail Derby Lightweight builds were part of the British Rail Class 108 Diesel Multiple Unit (DMU) family.
2903	in the international system of units what unit is radioactivity measured in?	  Radioactivity is typically measured in Becquerels (Bq).
2904	which comic book penciler has penciled the comic story of double image?	  The comic story of Double Image was penciled by artist Tom Grummett.
2905	what conference series is focused on the game developers' conference?	  The Game Developers Conference (GDC) is an annual conference series focused on game development.
2906	name the tld registry that registered cornell.	edu  Verisign
2907	which language is in the same family as the mongolic languages family?	  The Tungusic languages are in the same family as the Mongolic languages family.
2908	which video game version is released on the platform of playstation 4?	  There are many video game versions released for the PlayStation 4, including Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, NBA 2K20, Red Dead Redemption 2, God of War, and more.
2909	greg johnson designed which video game?	  Greg Johnson designed the video game ToeJam & Earl, which was released in 1991 for the Sega Genesis console.
2910	stan created which comic book characters that appeared in spider-man!?	  Stan Lee created many iconic characters that have appeared in Spider-Man comics, including the Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus, Venom, Sandman, Mysterio, Carnage, and the Sinister Six.
2911	which measurement system does joule per cubic metre belong to?	  The joule per cubic metre is part of the International System of Units (SI).
2912	the texas instruments distributes which video game version?	  Texas Instruments does not distribute any video game versions.
2913	what is the olympic game that has the largest number of participating countries?	  The Summer Olympic Games has the largest number of participating countries, with over 200 countries participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
2914	what is the unit of mass to measure in imperial system?	  The unit of mass in the imperial system is the pound (lb).
2915	what is the number of sport equipments used in mountain-biking sport?	  The exact number of sport equipment used in mountain-biking will depend on the type of mountain-biking you are doing, as well as the individual rider's preferences. Generally, the most common pieces of equipment used in mountain-biking are a mountain bike, helmet, gloves, shoes, and clothing. Depending on the type of mountain-biking, other equipment may be used, such as a hydration pack, bike repair kit, and bike lights.
2916	international system of units is a system of measurement for what unit of solid angle?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the steradian (sr) as the unit of solid angle.
2917	the founder of the royal navy also founded what government agency?	  The founder of the Royal Navy, Samuel Pepys, founded the Admiralty Board in 1660, which is the government agency responsible for the command, organization, and management of the Royal Navy.
2918	walter disney was the same ethnicity of which astronaut ?	  Walter Disney was not an astronaut.
2919	which rocket engines can thrust 1.9208e+06?	  The SpaceX Merlin 1D rocket engine can thrust 1.9208e+06 Newtons.
2920	the measurement system with joule per kelvin is shared by which unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1.0?	  The unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1.0 is the reciprocal Kelvin (K⁻¹).
2921	development of: detecting intracellular phosphorylation using nanoparticle stains is a subject in what written work?	  This subject is discussed in scientific papers, reviews, and books on nanotechnology and its applications in biochemistry and cell biology.
2922	inland sea could be categorized by which fictional setting?	  Inland seas could be categorized by any fictional setting, as they can be used in fantasy, science fiction, historical fiction, and other genres.
2923	what religious text is association with religions that practice the alchemi?	  Alchemy is not typically associated with any particular religious text. It is more of a philosophical practice that is found in many different religions and spiritual traditions.
2924	thinking machines developed which programming language?	  The programming language most commonly used to develop artificial intelligence is Python.
2925	which video game uses game engine of sith?	  There is no specific video game that uses the Sith game engine.
2926	which unit of data transmission rate has the smallest rate in bits per second?	  The smallest rate of data transmission in bits per second is the baud rate, which is typically measured in bits per second (bps).
2927	what radio program episode has the subject of biological evolution?	  The Science Friday radio program has had multiple episodes on the subject of biological evolution. Some notable episodes include:   - "How Evolutionary Biology Explains Our Human Behavior"  - "The Evolutionary Arms Race Between Humans and Pathogens"  - "Evolution: What We Know and Don't Know"  - "The Evolution of Human Language"  - "Evolution: How We Got Here"  - "The Evolution of Life on Earth"
2928	in what countries is the version developed by calaris studios and distributed through wii ware released?	  Calaris Studios developed the game for WiiWare and it was released in North America, Europe, Australia, and Japan.
2929	which software is written in tcl?	  Some popular software written in Tcl include:  1. ActiveTcl 2. Expect 3. Tk 4. Critcl 5. TclX 6. TclPro 7. Tcl/Tk 8. Tcl/Tk Aqua 9. Tcl/Tk Windows 10. Tcl/Tk OS X
2930	in the gwr 388 class, what were the specific locomotive classes?	  The GWR 388 Class was a class of 0-6-0 steam locomotives built for the Great Western Railway (GWR) between 1883 and 1895. They were divided into three sub-classes:  • 388 Class – Built 1883–1891 • 735 Class – Built 1891–1894 • 863 Class – Built 1895  The 388 Class was designed by GWR Chief Mechanical Engineer William Dean, and the 735 and 863 Classes were designed by his successor, George Jackson Churchward.
2931	what is the name of the tallest language creator>	  The tallest language creator is David J. Peterson, who is best known for creating the Dothraki and Valyrian languages for the HBO series Game of Thrones.
2932	in the katal measurement system, what is the unit of luminance?	  The unit of luminance in the katal measurement system is the katal (kat).
2933	grange railway line is on the rail network named what?	  The Grange railway line is part of the Adelaide Metro network in South Australia.
2934	what celestial object is the stars of an asterism that appears in vulpecula?	  The stars of the asterism in Vulpecula are the Coathanger (or Brocchi's Cluster).
2935	investor's business daily conducted the same election polls as what polling authority?	  Investor's Business Daily conducted the same election polls as the Ipsos polling authority.
2936	what status has been assigned to cruzeiro esporte clube websites?	  Cruzeiro Esporte Clube websites have been assigned the status of "active."
2937	on 2016-04, which video game was initially released?	  The video game "Dark Souls III" was initially released in April 2016.
2938	1.0 grays per second is represented by which unit of absorbed dose rate?	  Gray per second (Gy/s) is the unit of absorbed dose rate.
2939	what video games have the wec le mans in them?	  1. Gran Turismo 5 (PS3) 2. Forza Motorsport 4 (Xbox 360) 3. Project CARS (Xbox One, PS4, PC) 4. Assetto Corsa (Xbox One, PS4, PC) 5. RaceRoom Racing Experience (PC) 6. F1 2018 (Xbox One, PS4, PC) 7. WRC 6 (Xbox One, PS4, PC) 8. WRC 7 (Xbox One, PS4, PC) 9. Motorsport Manager (PC, iOS, Android) 10. Endurance Series (PC)
2940	swadloon is a fictional species in which universe?	  Swadloon is a species of Pokémon in the Pokémon universe.
2941	in what countries is the version developed by razorback developments and distributed through physical media released?	  Razorback Developments has only released its games through digital distribution platforms such as Steam, GOG, and Humble Bundle. It has not released any games through physical media.
2942	which musical artist was supported by itamar assumpção?	  Itamar Assumpção was a Brazilian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist who supported a variety of musical artists, including Chico Buarque, Gilberto Gil, Caetano Veloso, Gal Costa, Maria Bethania, and Milton Nascimento.
2943	what gameplay mode is used in the musical game with a version of band hero?	  The game mode used in Band Hero is Party Play Mode. This mode allows players to play a variety of songs from different genres and customize their own playlists. Players can also compete against each other in various mini-games.
2944	the bonaparte comes after which roya line?	  The Bonaparte line came after the House of Bourbon, which was the ruling dynasty of France prior to the Bonapartes.
2945	game rating board has what type of video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) uses a rating system that assigns age and content ratings to video games and apps so that consumers, especially parents, can make informed choices about the games they purchase. The ratings range from Early Childhood (EC) to Adults Only (AO).
2946	the subject of questioning the millenium is what?	  The subject of questioning the millennium is the implications and consequences of the transition from the second to the third millennium. This includes topics such as the potential for technological breakthroughs, the impact of globalization, and the potential for social and cultural transformation.
2947	what other file format(s) belong to the same genre as the pe?	  Other file formats that belong to the same genre as PE include: ELF, COFF, Mach-O, and NE.
2948	id tech 2 is proceeded by which video game engine?	  The original Quake engine, also known as id Tech 1, is the predecessor to id Tech 2.
2949	the inductance units henries is in what measurement system?	  The inductance unit henries is part of the International System of Units (SI).
2950	name rail gauges whose locomotive class is british rail class 50.	  The British Rail Class 50 locomotives were built for use on the British Rail network and were designed for use on the following rail gauges:   - Standard Gauge (4ft 8.5in)  - Broad Gauge (7ft 0.25in)  - Narrow Gauge (3ft 6in)
2951	which unit is angular frequency in international system of units?	  Angular frequency in the International System of Units (SI) is measured in radians per second (rad/s).
2952	what radio format does the station which broadcasts a matter of time: the crisis in kentucky corrections use?	  The station which broadcasts "A Matter of Time: The Crisis in Kentucky Corrections" uses a talk radio format.
2953	which lighthouse is shorter than 34.0?	  The shortest lighthouse is Pigeon Point Lighthouse in California, which stands at 47 feet tall.
2954	what is the holiday of catholic religion that is related to holy week?	  The Catholic holiday related to Holy Week is Easter.
2955	the star known as alpha canis majoris is in what constellation?	  Alpha Canis Majoris is in the constellation Canis Major.
2956	pro evolution soccer was developed by whom?	  Pro Evolution Soccer was developed by Konami Digital Entertainment.
2957	shirer is the artist of what episodes of a radio program?	  Shirer is the artist of the podcast series "The Great War," a weekly podcast about World War I.
2958	fifth grade, or freshman year is the lowest grade offered in which schools?	  In most school systems, fifth grade is the highest grade offered in elementary school, and freshman year is the lowest grade offered in high school.
2959	what is the smallest possible unit of resistivity?	  The smallest possible unit of resistivity is the ohm-meter (Ω-m).
2960	high holy day is what kind of holiday?	  A High Holy Day is a special religious holiday in the Jewish faith, such as Yom Kippur, Rosh Hashanah, and Sukkot.
2961	the complete sonatas is contained as a component of what musical release?	  The complete sonatas can be found on the album "Mozart: Complete Piano Sonatas" released by the record label Brilliant Classics.
2962	what quantity of breed from germany share the same temperament with the giant schnauzer?	  It is difficult to say how many breeds from Germany share the same temperament with the Giant Schnauzer, as temperament is subjective and can vary from one individual dog to the next. However, some breeds from Germany that are known to have similar temperaments to the Giant Schnauzer include the Rottweiler, Doberman Pinscher, and Boxer.
2963	what is the video game expansion for battlefield: bad company 2?	  The expansion for Battlefield: Bad Company 2 is called Battlefield: Bad Company 2 Vietnam.
2964	which radio station does have all-news radio?	  The most popular all-news radio station in the United States is NPR's All Things Considered.
2965	which video game engine's successor engine is id tech 4?	  id Tech 5.
2966	j# is the language used to write which software?	  j# is the language used to write Microsoft .NET applications.
2967	how many types of places of worship are associated with hinduism?	  There are four main types of places of worship associated with Hinduism: temples, monasteries, ashrams, and mandirs.
2968	cubic metre per kilogram is the specific volume unit of which system of measurement?	  The cubic metre per kilogram is a unit of specific volume in the International System of Units (SI).
2969	which conference event focuses on fault tolerant?	  The Fault Tolerant Computing Conference (FTCC) is an annual event that focuses on fault tolerant computing. It is organized by The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Computer Society. The conference provides a forum for researchers, practitioners, and students to exchange ideas, experiences, and results on fault-tolerant computing.
2970	from utc, which time zone is -3.0 dst away?	  UTC -3:00 is Atlantic/Stanley, the capital of the Falkland Islands.
2971	the highway system of interstate highways has what road in it?	  Interstate Highways are part of the United States Numbered Highway System, which includes U.S. Routes, Interstate Highways, and State Highways.
2972	international system of units are measured with what?	  The International System of Units (SI) is measured with the seven base units of length, mass, time, electric current, temperature, amount of substance, and luminous intensity.
2973	what is the video game genre of wwe smackdown vs raw 2011? 	  WWE Smackdown vs Raw 2011 is a professional wrestling video game and is part of the WWE 2K series. It is classified as a sports game.
2974	what video game does josh mosqueira design in the diablo series?	  Josh Mosqueira is the former game director of Diablo III.
2975	how do you translate tagebuch aus dem warschauer ghetto 1942?	  English: Diary from the Warsaw Ghetto 1942
2976	tell me the gender of rayne ?	  Rayne is a unisex name, so it does not have a specific gender.
2977	what unit of luminous flux is 1.0?	  1.0 lumens (lm).
2978	d was designed by what video game designer?	  The original Super Mario Bros. game was designed by Shigeru Miyamoto.
2979	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 1.68?	  Giraffe
2980	which unit of specific energy express 1.0 unit of energy in joules per kilogram ?	  1.0 unit of energy in joules per kilogram is equal to 1 Joule/kilogram (J/kg).
2981	what unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1.0 has the same measurement system with joule per kelvin?	  The unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1.0 is the reciprocal kelvin (K⁻¹). It has the same measurement system as joule per kelvin (J/K).
2982	which comic book penciler is apart of a religion that uses makkah?	  There is no specific comic book penciler who is a part of a religion that uses Makkah. However, there are many comic book artists and writers who are Muslim, and Makkah is a holy city for Muslims.
2983	kilobit per second is the data rate units of what measurement system?	  Kilobits per second is a unit of data transfer rate in the International System of Units (SI).
2984	3d technologies r&d ltd created which video game engine?	  3d Technologies R&D Ltd created the Unreal Engine, a popular video game engine used in many popular video games.
2985	which football player borrows football player loan from hibs?	  There is no specific football player who has borrowed a loan from Hibernian Football Club. However, there are a number of football players who have received loans from other clubs such as Rangers, Aberdeen, Celtic, and Hearts.
2986	which musical artist was supported by voodoo glow skulls?	  Voodoo Glow Skulls were supported by bands such as The Offspring, No Doubt, Sublime, and Rancid.
2987	2008-09-04 is the label date of which manufactured drug?	  This question cannot be answered without additional information.
2988	which musical artist was supported by paul shortino?	  Paul Shortino has supported a variety of musical artists over the years, including David Lee Roth, Yngwie Malmsteen, and Richie Kotzen.
2989	what is the conference subject of sg 2010?	  The theme of SG 2010 was "21st Century Leadership: Reshaping Our World".
2990	the japanese submarine i-29 was built by which ship builder?	  The Japanese submarine I-29 was built by the Kawasaki Heavy Industries shipyard in Kobe, Japan.
2991	name the unit of area measurements in the metric system.	  Square meter (m^2)
2992	image/gif is the media format for which podcast feed?	  There is no specific media format for podcasts. Podcasts can be distributed in many different formats, including MP3, WAV, AIFF, Ogg Vorbis, and AAC.
2993	what is the belief of hinduism?	  Hinduism is a diverse system of beliefs and traditions that originated in the Indian subcontinent. It is the world's oldest major religion and is the third-largest religion in the world today. The core beliefs of Hinduism include belief in the divine, belief in the cycle of birth and death, and belief in karma. Hindus also believe in reincarnation and the law of cause and effect, known as karma. Hindus also believe in the power of the Vedas, the ancient sacred texts of Hinduism.
2994	ascendancy was developed by which game developer?	  Ascendancy was developed by Logical Design Works.
2995	a camera with more than 3.0 digital zoom has what image ratio?	  The image ratio of a camera with more than 3.0 digital zoom depends on the specific camera model. Generally, cameras with more than 3.0 digital zoom will have higher resolution images with a higher aspect ratio.
2996	what is the name of the ship designer that designed a ship that is designed by alain thébault?	  Alain Thébault is the designer of the Sea Bubble, an innovative electric hydrofoil boat.
2997	what dimension is measured by a measuring instrument with a subclass of laser accelerometer?	  A laser accelerometer is typically used to measure acceleration, which is a vector quantity that has three components: the magnitude of the acceleration (in meters per second squared), the direction of the acceleration (in degrees), and the rate of change of the acceleration (in meters per second cubed).
2998	which unit of luminance is used in a measurement system of katal?	  The unit of luminance used in a measurement system of katal is lux.
2999	which region did arkedo studio publish the latest released version of its game?	  Arkedo Studio released their latest game, Hell is Other Demons, worldwide on the Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and PC platforms.
3000	the konami digital entertainment gmbh distributes which video game version?	  Konami Digital Entertainment GmbH distributes multiple versions of video games, including console games, mobile games, and online games.
3001	which game supports 200 mhz cpu?	  The original Quake game (1996) is one of the most popular games that can be played on a 200 MHz CPU.
3002	henry per metre is what kind of unit?	  Henry per metre (H/m) is a unit of magnetic permeability, which is a measure of the magnetic field produced by a material when exposed to a magnetic field.
3003	fast religion uses what religious text?	  The Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster does not have a religious text. However, the Church does have an "open source" book called The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster which is intended to be a satirical commentary on organized religion.
3004	stephen jay gould and marcel duchamp has what radio program in it?	  There is no record of Stephen Jay Gould and Marcel Duchamp having a radio program together.
3005	which radio program episode was first broadcasted on 2011-04-04?	  The first episode of the radio program "Fresh Air" to be broadcast on 2011-04-04 was an interview with actor Robert Downey Jr.
3006	sexual violence is the description of which video game rating?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) does not rate games based on their content related to sexual violence. Instead, the ESRB rates games based on their level of violence, language, sexual content, and other factors.
3007	the conductance units of microsiemens is part of which measurement system?	  The conductance units of microsiemens is part of the International System of Units (SI) measurement system.
3008	who is the subject of the conference, sigmod 2008?	  The SIGMOD 2008 conference did not have a specific subject. Instead, it focused on topics related to data management, including database systems, data mining, data streams, information retrieval, and more.
3009	the shortest movie cast director is named what?	  The shortest movie cast director is often referred to as a "micro-budget director".
3010	which units of length are associated with the system where mass is measured in tonnes?	  In the system where mass is measured in tonnes, units of length are typically measured in meters.
3011	north korea was involved in which war?	  The Korean War, which lasted from 1950 to 1953, was a conflict between North Korea and South Korea, backed by their respective allies.
3012	which video game is released in 1990-05-09?	  The game released on May 9, 1990, is Super Mario Bros. 3 for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES).
3013	mitchell contains what tv character?	  Mitchell Pritchett is a character from the ABC sitcom Modern Family. He is portrayed by actor Jesse Tyler Ferguson.
3014	name which genre is the queen commands.	  Rock.
3015	the 1904 olympics was held by what city?	  The 1904 Olympics were held in St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
3016	volume is measured by what types of measuring instruments?	  Volume can be measured by several types of measuring instruments, including graduated cylinders, beakers, pipettes, burettes, volumetric flasks, and volumetric pipettes.
3017	what is the soundtrack of video game command & conquer renegade?	  The soundtrack of Command & Conquer Renegade was composed by Frank Klepacki.
3018	what is an example of an infused spirit with an alcohol content below 50.0?	  One example of an infused spirit with an alcohol content below 50.0 is a flavored vodka, such as a raspberry-infused vodka, which typically has an alcohol content of around 40.0%.
3019	what's the status of the websites owned by gridrepublic?	  GridRepublic's websites are currently active and available for use.
3020	how many railway terminuses are terminuses of belém to cascais railway?	  There are seven railway terminuses on the Belém to Cascais railway: Belém, Entrecampos, Sete Rios, Carnaxide, Cruz Quebrada, Oeiras, and Cascais.
3021	in which unit of magnetic flux density, density in teslas is 0.0001?	  milliteslas
3022	resident evil: degeneration is a version of which video game?	  Resident Evil: Degeneration is a 2008 computer-animated horror film based on the Resident Evil video game series.
3023	what is the video game mod for arma 3?	  The most popular mod for Arma 3 is the Altis Life mod. This mod adds a variety of new features to the game, including a role-playing environment, a custom economy, and new weapons and vehicles.
3024	which is the gameplay mode of the musical game that has the version of go! go! break steady?	  Go! Go! Break Steady is a rhythm-based music game that features a mix of classic and modern dance music. The game mode is called "Free Style" and it allows players to challenge each other to create their own unique dance moves.
3025	what unit of plane angle is themeasurement system with a surface density units of kilogram per square metre?	  The unit of plane angle measurement in the metric system is radians.
3026	what are the comic book fictional universes that have organizations appearing in the marvel?	  1. The Marvel Universe 2. The X-Men Universe 3. The Ultimate Universe 4. The 2099 Universe 5. The Age of Apocalypse Universe 6. The Marvel Zombies Universe 7. The Secret Wars Universe 8. The Marvel Noir Universe 9. The Marvel UK Universe 10. The New Universe
3027	in which video games do slime volleyball appear?	  Slime Volleyball is a game that was developed and released by the game studio Nitrome in 2011. It is available to play on Nitrome's website, as well as on mobile platforms such as iOS, Android, and Windows Phone.
3028	what unit of acceleration utilizes the force unit of a newtons?	  Meters per second squared (m/s²)
3029	international system of units is the unit of what molar energy?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not have a unit of molar energy. Molar energy is typically expressed in units of joules per mole (J/mol).
3030	seishindo kenpo belongs to what martial arts organization?	  Seishindo Kenpo does not belong to any specific martial arts organization. It is a style of martial arts developed by Grandmaster Seishiro Okazaki in Hawaii in the early 20th century.
3031	the international system of units uses what measurements to measure less than 1000.0 seconds?	  The international system of units (SI) uses seconds (s) to measure less than 1000.0 seconds.
3032	the recipes of filipino chicken adobo were created by what author?	  There is no single author who can be credited with creating the recipes for Filipino chicken adobo. The dish is a traditional Filipino dish that has been around for centuries and has evolved over time.
3033	which music video director weighs at least 71.0?	  Spike Jonze is a music video director who weighs 71.0 kg (156.5 lbs).
3034	the quotations of all, or the greatest part of men that have aspired to riches or power, have attained thereunto either by force or fraud, and what they have by craft or cruelty gained, to cover the foulness of their fact, they call purchase, as a name more honest. howsoever, he that for want of will or wit useth not those means, must rest in servitude and poverty. is from which quotation subject?	  The subject of the quotation is the pursuit of riches and power.
3035	what is the unit of magnetic field strength of a measurement system that contains the data rate units of gigabit per second?	  The unit of magnetic field strength for a measurement system that contains the data rate units of gigabit per second is tesla (T).
3036	what date is at the end of the year?	  December 31st
3037	ricardo bofill built what types of buildings?	  Ricardo Bofill is an internationally renowned architect and urban planner best known for his large-scale, surrealist-inspired projects. He has designed a wide variety of buildings ranging from housing complexes, office buildings, public spaces, and cultural facilities to airports, hotels, and shopping centers.
3038	what type of job does the character with gun shoot wound have?	  The character with the gun shoot wound likely has a job in the security or law enforcement field.
3039	the institute of edward r. murrow high school had which chess player attend the institution?	  There is no record of any chess player attending Edward R. Murrow High School.
3040	which adaptation adapted another adaptation which stems from twilight?	  The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 was adapted from the fourth novel in Stephenie Meyer's Twilight Saga, Breaking Dawn.
3041	islam is a religion based on what?	  Islam is a religion based on the teachings of the prophet Muhammad and the Qur'an. It is a monotheistic faith that emphasizes the oneness of Allah (God) and the importance of living a life of peace, justice, mercy, and compassion.
3042	what is the radio program episode of quirks & quarks?	  The radio program episode of Quirks & Quarks is usually a one-hour radio show, which is broadcast on CBC Radio One every Saturday at 12:00 pm (noon) local time.
3043	the inductance units of henries is part of which measurement system?	  The henries unit of inductance is part of the International System of Units (SI).
3044	who designed lilith programming language?	  Lilith was designed by Mark Tarver.
3045	what grade level has the minimum age of 14?	  Eighth grade.
3046	1.0 volts per meter is what type of measurement?	  1.0 volts per meter is a measurement of electric field strength.
3047	yottasecond is used as a luminance unit by which measurement system?	  The yottasecond is not used as a luminance unit by any measurement system.
3048	which video game engine was created by id software	  The id Tech game engine series was created by id Software, starting with the release of id Tech 1 in 1993. The engine has been used to develop several classic first-person shooters, including Doom, Quake, Wolfenstein 3D, and Rage.
3049	watt per steradian is the radiant intensity unit used in which measurement system?	  The radiant intensity unit of watts per steradian is used in the International System of Units (SI).
3050	the measurement system with exposure units of coulomb per kilogram pertains to which unit of inverse temperature?	  The measurement system with exposure units of coulomb per kilogram pertains to the unit of inverse temperature known as the Gray (Gy).
3051	which is the gameplay mode of the musical game that has the version of beatmania?	  The gameplay mode of Beatmania is called 5-key mode. This mode requires players to hit five keys in time with the music.
3052	the text at the core of catholic and honored by sacraments practitioners is what?	  The core text of Catholicism is the Bible, which is held sacred and honored in the celebration of the sacraments.
3053	the international system of units uses what unit of data transmission rate for transfers over 1e+06 bits per second?	  The international system of units uses the megabit per second (Mbps) unit of data transmission rate for transfers over 1e+06 bits per second.
3054	which is the video game series that includes a video game expansion designed by mike darga?	  The video game series is Grand Theft Auto, and the expansion designed by Mike Darga is Grand Theft Auto Online.
3055	what unit is used in the international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the seven base units of length, mass, time, electric current, temperature, amount of substance, and luminous intensity.
3056	xbox is supported by which version released in japan?	  The first Xbox console released in Japan was the Xbox 360, which was released in December 2005.
3057	how many units of specific heat capacity are there in the measurement system international system of units?	  There is no specific unit of specific heat capacity in the International System of Units (SI). Specific heat capacity is usually expressed in joules per kilogram kelvin (J/kg·K) or kilojoules per kilogram kelvin (kJ/kg·K).
3058	what versions of video games are released in jp?	  The majority of video games released in Japan are the same versions released worldwide, however some titles are released in Japan with exclusive content or features. Some popular examples include the Final Fantasy series, Monster Hunter, and Yakuza.
3059	ancient egyptian religion has how many types of worship places?	  Ancient Egyptian religion had three types of worship places: temples, shrines, and tombs.
3060	university of louisiana at lafayette provides what type of education?	  The University of Louisiana at Lafayette offers a comprehensive range of undergraduate and graduate degrees in disciplines such as business, engineering, education, liberal arts, sciences, health sciences, and more.
3061	what is name of the video game expansion that has the latest initial release date?	  The latest expansion for a video game is typically determined by the game's publisher. As of April 2021, the latest expansion released is Cyberpunk 2077: The Final Cut, which was released on March 30, 2021.
3062	which game came before star control 2?	  Star Control 1.
3063	1959 was the date of which radio program that had a final broadcast?	  The Quiz Kids radio program had its final broadcast in 1959.
3064	exasecond was used as luminace unit for what type of measurement system?	  The exasecond is a unit of luminance in the International System of Units (SI) and is used to measure the intensity of light.
3065	what is the exhibition with the same curator as the exhibition curator with johannes vermeer?	  The exhibition with the same curator as the exhibition featuring Johannes Vermeer is the Dutch Masters: Rembrandt, Vermeer, and Hals exhibition at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. It was curated by Arthur K. Wheelock Jr.
3066	what type of fictional setting is the setting type of a fictional setting of the atom cave raiders!?	  The fictional setting of the Atom Cave Raiders is a post-apocalyptic science fiction setting.
3067	harvard provides what type of education?	  Harvard provides a private, Ivy League education.
3068	the international system of units system utilizes what unit of resistance?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the ohm (Ω) as the unit of resistance.
3069	the unit of plane angle that belongs to the same measurement system as joule per kelvin is called what?	  The unit of plane angle that belongs to the same measurement system as joule per kelvin is called the radian.
3070	frostbite 1.5 is the successor engine of what video game engine?	  Frostbite 1.5 is the successor engine of the Frostbite Engine, which was developed by EA DICE and used for the Battlefield video game series.
3071	cartier- bresson was the subject of what written work?	  Henri Cartier-Bresson was the subject of the 1952 book The Decisive Moment by Cartier-Bresson.
3072	tablespoon is a volume unit included in what?	  Tablespoon is a volume unit included in the United States customary units of measurement.
3073	pit-fighter is included in which video game compilation?	  The Midway Arcade Treasures 3 video game compilation includes the game Pit-Fighter.
3074	what is the wine that belongs to sonoma wines, has 14.8 percentage of alcohol?	  The wine likely belongs to the Sonoma County appellation and may be a Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Pinot Noir, Zinfandel, or other red varietal with 14.8% alcohol.
3075	what fuel economy expresses their units in litres per kilometre less than 1.0?	  Less than 1.0 litres per kilometre would be expressed as 0.0 litres per kilometre.
3076	which video game designer designed both wii music and yoshi's story?	  The video game designer responsible for both Wii Music and Yoshi's Story is Shigefumi Hino.
3077	how many collectable items are there in plush toys?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on the type of plush toy, the manufacturer, and the design. Some plush toys may contain no collectable items, while others may contain many.
3078	intel 8080 is supported by which game?	  The classic arcade game Space Invaders (1978) was the first game to be developed and released for the Intel 8080 processor.
3079	which fictional characters are of the kanga species?	  The most famous fictional character of the Kanga species is Kanga from A.A. Milne's Winnie-the-Pooh stories. Other characters from the Winnie-the-Pooh universe who are of the Kanga species include her son Roo, and their friends Tigger and Rabbit.
3080	when included in regulation of cyclic nucleotide biosynthetic process what is the number of gene ontology groups?	  The number of gene ontology groups included in the regulation of cyclic nucleotide biosynthetic process is three. These are: Biological Process (GO:0006129), Molecular Function (GO:0016491), and Cellular Component (GO:0005737).
3081	f-zero x expansion kit was design by what video game designer?	  The F-Zero X Expansion Kit was designed by Nintendo's legendary game designer Shigeru Miyamoto.
3082	which video game versions were published by chrysalis music?	  Chrysalis Music has not published any video game versions.
3083	strong lyrics is the description of which video game rating?	  Mature (M)
3084	centimetre–gram–second system of units uses what for the unit of luminance?	  The candela per square metre (cd/m^2) is the unit of luminance in the centimetre–gram–second system of units.
3085	cyclophosphamide has been tested for in which medical trial?	  Cyclophosphamide has been tested in clinical trials for the treatment of various types of cancer, including breast, lung, ovarian, and bladder cancer. It has also been tested for the treatment of autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus.
3086	microsoft windows are games on which video game platform?	  Microsoft Windows is not a game platform, but there are many video games available for Windows. Some popular video game platforms for Windows include Steam, Origin, GOG, and Uplay.
3087	which class does western campaigner belong to?	  Western Campaigner is a type of horse breed.
3088	in the international system of units, what is the unit of absorbed dose rate?	  The unit of absorbed dose rate in the international system of units is gray per second (Gy/s).
3089	the ship designed who also designed the peter pett is who?	  The Peter Pett was designed by the English naval architect and shipbuilder Sir John Schank (1740–1823).
3090	english electric built which locomotive class?	  The English Electric Company built a variety of locomotive classes, including the Class 20, Class 40, Class 50, Class 55, Class 86, Class 87, and Class 90.
3091	how many military persons have attended rostov state university?	  It is not possible to answer this question as Rostov State University does not publicly disclose the number of military personnel who have attended the university.
3092	the ps1 is in which video game platform family?	  The PlayStation 1 (PS1) is part of the PlayStation video game console family.
3093	which unit of potential uses the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of potential uses the measurement system of the International System of Units (SI) is the volt (V).
3094	in which measurement system, gauss is the magnetic flux density unit?	  The gauss is the magnetic flux density unit in the cgs (centimeter-gram-second) system of measurement.
3095	which beer hop use beer styles euro pale lager?	  The most common hop used in European pale lagers is Saaz, which is a noble hop variety from the Czech Republic. It is known for its spicy, herbal, and floral aromas and flavors.
3096	theinternet has which business operation?	  Theinternet is an Internet service provider (ISP) that provides web hosting, domain registration, and other related services.
3097	what judaism-based holiday is a part of high holy day?	  Rosh Hashanah is a Jewish holiday that is a part of the High Holy Days, which are the 10 days between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur.
3098	electron volt is the energy unit of what measurement system?	  The electron volt is the energy unit of the International System of Units (SI).
3099	the electronic entertainment expo has what as the conference subject?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) is an annual trade show for the video game industry, organized by the Entertainment Software Association (ESA). The conference subject is typically the latest developments in video game hardware and software, as well as related technologies.
3100	which musical album was initially released on 1999-08-10?	  The album is The Slim Shady LP by Eminem.
3101	how many types does morro alto have?	  Morro Alto has three types: Morro Alto Tinto, Morro Alto Branco, and Morro Alto Rosé.
3102	what manufactured drug have a pentagon shape?	  The prescription drug Adderall XR (extended release) comes in a pentagon-shaped tablet.
3103	what company makes the ps 3 gaming system?	  Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) is the company that makes the PlayStation 3 (PS3) gaming system.
3104	which conference sponsor sponsored the same conference series with alan & priscilla oppenheimer foundation?	  The Alan & Priscilla Oppenheimer Foundation has sponsored the same conference series with the following sponsors:   1. The National Science Foundation  2. The National Institutes of Health  3. The American Association for the Advancement of Science  4. The Sloan Foundation  5. The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation  6. The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation  7. The Kavli Foundation  8. The Simons Foundation  9. The David and Lucile Packard Foundation  10. The Howard Hughes Medical Institute
3105	what contains peck (us) as volume unit?	  Peck (US) is a common volume unit used to measure dry goods such as fruits, vegetables, grains, and nuts. It is equivalent to 8 dry quarts or 16 dry pints.
3106	atari-st has what video games in it's platform?	  Atari-st has a variety of video games, including classic titles such as Pac-Man, Space Invaders, Asteroids, and Centipede. It also has modern titles such as The Witcher 3, Fallout 4, and Grand Theft Auto V.
3107	name the aircraft that has the least amount of cargo space.	  The Cessna 172 Skyhawk has the least amount of cargo space of any aircraft.
3108	which comic strip character has the largest height?	  The comic strip character with the largest height is probably Popeye the Sailor Man. He is usually depicted as being 7 feet tall.
3109	mol is a unit measuring amount of substance in what measurement system?	  The mole (symbol: mol) is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI) that measures the amount of a substance.
3110	video games with the rating of kijkwijzer: 12 can be found where?	  Video games with the rating of Kijkwijzer 12 can be found in most video game stores, as well as online retailers such as Amazon, Steam, and the PlayStation Store.
3111	which series has 116 issues?	  The Walking Dead comic book series has 116 issues.
3112	which family of computer processor is a variant of the atmega325?	  The ATmega325 is a member of the AVR family of microcontrollers, which are based on the RISC architecture.
3113	angels in radian 1.0 are what unit of plane angle?	  Angels in radian 1.0 are equal to 57.2957795 degrees, which is a unit of plane angle.
3114	the span is a frame for measurement in what system?	  The span is a frame for measurement in the metric system.
3115	which measurement system uses the data rates units gigabit per second?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the data rate unit of gigabits per second.
3116	which meteorite's mass is less than or equal to 1830.0?	  The NWA 859 meteorite, with a mass of 1750.0 grams, is the only meteorite with a mass less than or equal to 1830.0.
3117	acm sig proceeding is what conference event?	  ACM SIG Proceedings is a conference event organized by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). It is a series of conferences and workshops that bring together researchers, practitioners, and developers from around the world to share their research and ideas on the latest topics in computing and related technologies.
3118	simulated gambling is used as a descriptive word in which video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the video game rating system that includes simulated gambling as one of its descriptors. The ESRB assigns age and content ratings to video games, including an "Adults Only" (AO) rating for games with simulated gambling.
3119	what was the website zeitschriftendatenbank initiated?	  The Zeitschriftendatenbank (ZDB) was initiated as a joint venture between the Deutsche Bibliothek and the German National Library of Science and Technology (TIB) in order to provide comprehensive bibliographic information on German-language periodicals. The ZDB is a free, online database that provides access to over 1.2 million bibliographic records for German-language periodicals published from the 16th century to the present. It is the largest bibliographic database for German-language periodicals and is used by libraries, researchers, and the general public.
3120	what video game series has an expansion designed by amy kalson?	  The video game series is "The Sims" and the expansion designed by Amy Kalson is "The Sims 4: Eco Lifestyle".
3121	how many file formats are in the video codec category?	  There are hundreds of different video codecs and file formats in the video codec category. Some of the most common formats include AVI, MP4, MOV, MKV, and WMV.
3122	which system of measurement uses joule per cubic metre?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses joules per cubic metre (J/m^3) as a unit of energy density.
3123	who is the video game publisher of the proving grounds of the mad overlord games?	  The video game publisher of Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord is Infocom.
3124	party up was performed by which musician?	  "Party Up (Up in Here)" was performed by American rapper DMX.
3125	richard buckminster fuller's gender is shared by which computer scientists?	  Richard Buckminster Fuller was a male, so no computer scientists share his gender.
3126	which russell musical release includes the track primitive man?	  The musical release is titled "The World According to Russell" and the track "Primitive Man" is included on it.
3127	jehovah's witness has how many worship place types?	  Jehovah's Witnesses have two types of worship places: Kingdom Halls and Assembly Halls.
3128	publicly listed company manufactures which kind of space crafts?	  The answer to this question depends on which publicly listed company you are referring to. Some publicly listed companies that manufacture space crafts include Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and Northrop Grumman.
3129	what drug formulation category uses cochliobolus spicifer as an active ingredient?	  Cochliobolus spicifer is an active ingredient in some fungicides.
3130	what is saint sebastian's subject?	  Saint Sebastian is the patron saint of archers, athletes, and soldiers. He is often depicted in art and literature as a martyr who was killed by arrows.
3131	which artworks are edition of family group?	  The following artworks have been identified as editions of Family Group:   1. "Family Group" by Jacob Lawrence  2. "Family Group" by Pablo Picasso  3. "Family Group" by Auguste Renoir  4. "Family Group" by Henri Matisse  5. "Family Group" by Edward Hopper  6. "Family Group" by Grant Wood  7. "Family Group" by Diego Rivera  8. "Family Group" by Marc Chagall  9. "Family Group" by Georgia O'Keeffe  10. "Family Group" by Andy Warhol.
3132	what trade fair does magic international sponsor?	  Magic International sponsors the annual Magic Trade Show, which is one of the world's largest fashion trade shows for apparel and accessories.
3133	what is the camera sensor type of panasonic lumix brand digital camera?	  The Panasonic Lumix digital camera line typically uses a Micro Four Thirds type sensor.
3134	wyxb is owned by what radio station group?	  The radio station group that owns WXYB is iHeartMedia.
3135	the original gravity of 1.078 is the level for what beer?	  The original gravity of 1.078 is typical of a strong ale or a barleywine.
3136	image/tiff-fx is what file format's mime type?	  image/tiff-fx is the MIME type for the Tagged Image File Format (TIFF).
3137	the fictional character with the greatest weight is which?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on personal opinion. Some of the most iconic characters from literature and film who are known for being very large in size include Hagrid from the Harry Potter series, The Hulk from Marvel Comics, and Shrek from the animated movie series.
3138	raven-symoné is featured on which soundtrack?	  Raven-Symoné is featured on the soundtrack for the Disney Channel original movie, Cheetah Girls 2, with the song "Dance Me If You Can".
3139	3d realms entertainment developed what video game engine?	  3D Realms Entertainment developed the Build engine, which was used to create the classic first-person shooter video game Duke Nukem 3D.
3140	what was live at roseland: elements of 4 a video of?	  Live at Roseland: Elements of 4 was a live concert DVD and Blu-ray released by Beyoncé in 2013. The DVD includes footage of Beyoncé's 4 Intimate Nights with Beyoncé concerts at Roseland Ballroom in New York City. It also includes behind-the-scenes footage and interviews with Beyoncé and her creative team.
3141	the sega model 2 platform has which video game version released?	  The Sega Model 2 platform released the following versions of video games: Daytona USA, Virtua Cop, Virtua Fighter 2, The House of the Dead, and Last Bronx.
3142	azidothymidine has been tested for what medical trial?	  AZT (zidovudine, also known as azidothymidine or AZT) has been tested in clinical trials for its potential to treat HIV/AIDS.
3143	the genomic locus in chromosome 14 (human) can be found where?	  The genomic locus in chromosome 14 (human) can be found at the specific base pair coordinates on the chromosome.
3144	for the game that has the soundtrack of gran turismo 4 kicks, how many designers contributed?	  There were over 100 composers, musicians, and sound designers who contributed to the soundtrack of Gran Turismo 4.
3145	what is the name of the unit profile that is the si base unit of j?	  The SI base unit of j (joule) is the kilojoule (kJ).
3146	what company with limited liability is the theater company that produced wicked?	  The theater company that produced Wicked is Universal Theatrical Group, LLC, a limited liability company.
3147	what medical treatment is for teriparatide is a contraindication?	  Teriparatide is a prescription medication used to treat osteoporosis. It is not recommended for people with certain medical conditions, including cancer, Paget's disease, hypercalcemia, and kidney stones. Medical treatments that are contraindicated with teriparatide include high-dose corticosteroids, calcitonin, bisphosphonates, and denosumab.
3148	blood pressure is measured using what measuring instruments?	  Blood pressure is typically measured using a sphygmomanometer, which consists of an inflatable cuff, a measuring instrument (typically a mercury or aneroid manometer), and a stethoscope.
3149	self improvement is the business operation of what?	  Self improvement is the business operation of personal growth and development.
3150	which theater production used translation in hairspray?	  Hairspray has been translated and performed in multiple languages and countries, including the United Kingdom, Germany, Italy, Sweden, the Netherlands, China, and Mexico.
3151	which radio episode was about the mental disorder?	  The radio episode about mental disorder is "The Brain: All About Mental Health" from the NPR program Hidden Brain.
3152	anglicans is a sort of belief of what?	  Anglicanism is a form of Christianity that is based on the teachings and practices of the Church of England. It is a tradition within Christianity that includes liturgical worship and sacraments, scripture, tradition, and an episcopal polity of church governance.
3153	cinnamon is included in what manufactured drug form?	  Cinnamon is not typically found in manufactured drug forms.
3154	what is the railway with a length of 78.0?	  The railway is 78.0 kilometers (or 48.5 miles) long.
3155	what software has genres that include microsoft outlook and feed reader?	  Microsoft Outlook and Feed Reader are both part of the Microsoft Office Suite, which includes software such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, Access, Publisher, and Outlook.
3156	what is the unit of electric charge density in international system of units?	  The unit of electric charge density in the International System of Units (SI) is coulombs per cubic meter (C/m3).
3157	turbostar builds what class of locomotive?	  Turbostar builds diesel multiple unit (DMU) locomotives.
3158	what measurement system is square yard part of?	  Square yard is part of the Imperial/US Customary measurement system.
3159	torus knot software developed what video game engine?	  The Torus Knot software was developed using the Unity game engine.
3160	challenge pro mode arena used what kind of video game engine?	  The challenge pro mode arena used Unreal Engine 4, a popular 3D video game engine developed by Epic Games.
3161	for international system of units, what is the unit of speed?	  The unit of speed in the International System of Units is meters per second (m/s).
3162	flf is supported on how many computing platforms?	  FLF is supported on all major computing platforms, including Windows, macOS, Linux, and BSD.
3163	j wynia is the person-topic about what?	  The person-topic of Wynia is a Dutch singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. He is known for his soulful, melancholic music and poetic lyrics.
3164	seventh-day adventist encompasses what religion?	  Seventh-day Adventism is a Christian denomination that grew out of the Millerite movement of the 1840s in the United States. It is a branch of Protestant Christianity with a strong emphasis on the belief in the imminent Second Coming of Jesus Christ.
3165	which olympic game has the minimum number of events?	  The Olympic Games with the minimum number of events is the Winter Youth Olympic Games, which has just seven events.
3166	what is the number of video game compilations with the genre of action-adventure game?	  It is difficult to give an exact number as the number of video game compilations with the genre of action-adventure game varies depending on the platform and year. However, according to the website Metacritic, there are currently over 200 video game compilations with the genre of action-adventure game.
3167	name the basketball player who majors in marketing.	  Kobe Bryant
3168	international system of units contains which unit for permittivity?	  The international system of units (SI) contains the unit of farad per meter (F/m) for permittivity.
3169	which unit of density equals to 1000.0 kilograms per cubic meter?	  The unit of density equal to 1000.0 kilograms per cubic meter is kilogram per cubic meter (kg/m^3).
3170	what is the name of the video game expansion that has the latest initial date of release?	  The latest expansion of a video game is usually the most recently released expansion. The name of the expansion and its release date vary depending on the game. Some popular recent releases include World of Warcraft: Shadowlands (November 23, 2020), Destiny 2: Beyond Light (November 10, 2020), and The Elder Scrolls Online: Markarth (November 2, 2020).
3171	john singleton copley's watson and the shark was exhibited in which exhibit?	  Watson and the Shark by John Singleton Copley was first exhibited at the Royal Academy in London in 1778.
3172	which rocket engine has a dry mass of 141.0?	  The SpaceX Merlin 1D engine has a dry mass of 141.0 kg.
3173	what is the subject of the radio prime time sports?	  The subject of the radio prime time sports show is sports.
3174	the dst offset from utc is more than -2.0 in which time zone?	  The time zone would be UTC+2 or Eastern European Time (EET).
3175	how many unit of volume is associated with a measurement system that has a magnetic field strength unit of ampere per metre?	  There is no unit of volume associated with a measurement system that has a magnetic field strength unit of ampere per metre.
3176	henries is the unit of power used in what measurement system?	  The unit of power known as henries is used in the system of electrical measurement known as inductance.
3177	dragon lore ii: the heart of the dragon man belongs to what video game version?	  Dragon Lore II: The Heart of the Dragon is a mod for the classic computer game, Dungeon Master.
3178	the musical game frets on fire uses what input method?	  Frets on Fire uses a computer keyboard or a USB-compatible game controller as an input method.
3179	what's the subatomic particle with the fastest spin?	  The subatomic particle with the fastest spin is the quark.
3180	which video games have the same soundtrack as tales of symphonia?	  There are no other video games that have the same soundtrack as Tales of Symphonia.
3181	the container for digital negative shares the same genre of which file format?	  The container for digital negative shares the same genre as the RAW file format.
3182	what is the cuisine name whose main ingredient is usually table salt?	  Salt-Preserved Cuisine.
3183	what video game engine was developed by victor luchits	  Victor Luchits developed the Source engine, which powers the popular Valve game series such as Counter-Strike, Half-Life, and Portal.
3184	what products commodore 1541?	  The Commodore 1541 was a 5.25 inch floppy disk drive released by Commodore International in 1981. It was used with the Commodore VIC-20, Commodore 64, Commodore 128 and Commodore 16 computers. It was also used to store data on 5.25 inch floppy disks. It could store up to 170K of data in single-sided, double-density format, or up to 340K in double-sided, double-density format. It had a built-in 1541 disk operating system (DOS) and could be connected to a computer via the IEEE-488 or Serial Bus interfaces.
3185	what is the video game rating whose rating system includes the content descriptor of violence?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the video game rating system that includes the content descriptor of violence.
3186	what is the occupation of halliwell and snoopy dog?	  Halliwell and Snoopy Dog do not have an occupation. Halliwell is a fictional character from the TV show Charmed and Snoopy is a fictional character from the comic strip Peanuts.
3187	the lowest orbital order belongs to which planet?	  The lowest orbital order belongs to Mercury, which is the closest planet to the Sun.
3188	1.0 dose in grays equals which unit of absorbed?	  1 gray (Gy) of absorbed dose is equivalent to 1 joule per kilogram (J/kg) of absorbed dose.
3189	mt everest is a subject of which radio programs?	  Everest is a popular subject for radio programs such as NPR's Science Friday, BBC Radio 4's Science in Action, and the National Geographic Radio Hour.
3190	tablet computer has what product lines?	  Tablet computers have a variety of product lines, including Android tablets, Apple iPads, Microsoft Surface tablets, and Chromebook tablets.
3191	what is the international system of units volumetric flow rate unit?	  The international system of units volumetric flow rate unit is cubic meters per second (m3/s).
3192	second of arc measures plane angle units in what measurement unit?	  Degrees (°).
3193	what tld registry registered dotfm?	  dotFM is a top-level domain (TLD) managed by BRS Media Inc., a company based in California, USA.
3194	how many game expansions has software projects published?	  Software Projects has published 8 game expansions: Jet Set Willy II, Manic Miner II, Jet Pac II, Lunar Jetman, Sabre Wulf II, Underwurlde II, Knight Lore II, and Alien 8.
3195	what amount of sporting equipment is used in supercross?	  The amount of sporting equipment used in Supercross varies depending on the type of event, but typically includes helmets, goggles, boots, jerseys, pants, and gloves. Additionally, many riders use knee and elbow pads, chest protectors, and neck braces.
3196	name the type of shortest recording by jade williams?	  Jade Williams has released a number of EPs, which are typically the shortest type of recording.
3197	to which class does western cavalier belong?	  Western Cavalier is a type of horse breed, specifically a type of saddle horse. It is classified as a light horse breed.
3198	which unit of area does the measurement system that have an electric field strength units of volt per metre have?	  The metric system has a unit of area called the square metre (m2).
3199	what rail gauge has the greatest width?	  The widest rail gauge is the Russian 1520 mm gauge.
3200	the absorbed dose rate is what unit in the international system of units?	  The absorbed dose rate is measured in Gray (Gy) per second in the International System of Units (SI).
3201	the genre for jhead contains what other file format?	  The jhead file format is primarily used for JPEG image files, so other file formats associated with JPEG images include JFIF, EXIF, and TIFF.
3202	which rail gauge has a width of at least 1000.0?	  Standard gauge has a width of 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in), which is equivalent to approximately 1,000.0 mm.
3203	institute is a sponsor of what medical trial?	  The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is the primary sponsor of clinical trials that involve the testing of treatments and therapies for a variety of diseases and conditions. Examples of clinical trials sponsored by the NIH include studies on cancer, HIV/AIDS, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease, and Parkinson's disease.
3204	what quotation is incorrectly attributed to christopher walken?	  "Life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get."  This quote is incorrectly attributed to Christopher Walken. It was actually said by Tom Hanks in the 1994 movie Forrest Gump.
3205	which conference event has a focus on knowledge technology?	  The International Conference on Knowledge and Technology (ICKT) is an annual event that focuses on knowledge technology.
3206	international system of units is the measurement system of which unit of dose equivalence?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the sievert (Sv) as the unit of dose equivalence.
3207	what is the file format that has the same genre as pdf format?	  The file format that has the same genre as PDF format is the Portable Document Format (PDF).
3208	in the imperial system of units, what are the amount of units of volume existing?	  The units of volume in the imperial system of units are: cubic inches, cubic feet, cubic yards, fluid ounces, pints, quarts, gallons, and barrels.
3209	the private citizen, beset by partisan appeals for the loan of his public opinion, will soon see, perhaps, that these appeals are not a compliment to his intelligence, but an imposition on his good nature and an insult to his sense of evidence. is related to which inventor?	  This statement is not related to any inventor.
3210	what is the tropical cyclone season that contains at most 23 storms?	  The Atlantic hurricane season typically runs from June 1 to November 30 and typically contains 12 to 23 named storms.
3211	what artist recorded mean to me?	  Mean to Me was originally recorded by Ruth Etting in 1929. It has since been recorded by numerous artists, including Ella Fitzgerald, Nat King Cole, and Norah Jones.
3212	1.0 grams per mole is represented by which unit?	  Grams per mole is represented by the unit g/mol.
3213	what is the total number of spacecrafts manufactured by finmeccanica and italian space agency?	  The exact number of spacecrafts manufactured by Finmeccanica and the Italian Space Agency is not publicly available.
3214	which person owns lockport union-sun & journal?	  The Lockport Union-Sun & Journal is owned by Lee Enterprises.
3215	who are the comic book characters created by stan and appeared in spider-man!?	  The most iconic comic book characters created by Stan Lee and appearing in Spider-Man comics include:  1. Peter Parker/Spider-Man 2. Mary Jane Watson 3. Gwen Stacy 4. Doctor Octopus 5. The Green Goblin 6. The Vulture 7. The Sandman 8. The Lizard 9. The Scorpion 10. The Chameleon 11. The Kingpin 12. The Tinkerer 13. The Shocker 14. Mysterio 15. The Prowler 16. The Hobgoblin 17. Venom 18. Carnage 19. Doctor Doom 20. The Scarlet Spider
3216	cubic metre per kilogram is a specific volume unit for which measurement system?	  Cubic metre per kilogram is a metric unit for specific volume.
3217	which video game has the soundtracks of tank! the! best!?	  The game in question is most likely the classic arcade game, "Battle City." It was released in 1985 and features the iconic soundtrack of "Tank! The Best!" composed by Yuichi Sakakura.
3218	which measurement unit has the plane angle units of degree?	  The unit of measure for plane angles is degrees.
3219	gnu paint uses which programming language designed by dennis macalistair ritchie?	  GIMP (GNU Image Manipulation Program) is written in C, a programming language designed by Dennis Ritchie.
3220	nhia and durban girls' college are in what category of school?	  Both Nhia and Durban Girls' College are secondary schools, also known as high schools.
3221	who are the comic book characters created by arnold drake and appeared in deadly genesis!?	  The comic book characters created by Arnold Drake and appeared in Deadly Genesis are Vulcan, Sirocco, and Petra.
3222	the latest buried person died in which court jurisdiction area?	  The jurisdiction of a court is determined by the geographic area it is located in. Therefore, the answer to this question would depend on the specific court in question and the location of the most recently buried person.
3223	for a camera with over 4.0 digital zoom, what is the image ratio?	  The image ratio for a camera with over 4.0 digital zoom is typically 4:3 or 16:9.
3224	which unit of acceleration has the smallest acceleration in meters per second squared?	  Millimeters per second squared (mm/s2) has the smallest acceleration, with a value of 0.001 m/s2.
3225	airbus a380 has what aircraft type?	  The Airbus A380 is a wide-body, double-decker, four-engine jet airliner. It is the world's largest commercial passenger aircraft.
3226	of what unit of energy density uses international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule per cubic meter (J/m3) as the unit of energy density.
3227	nu metal is played on which radio stations?	  Nu metal is typically not played on traditional radio stations, but it can be found on some alternative rock, metal, and hard rock radio stations.
3228	name the unit of length in chinese units of measurement.	  米 (mǐ)
3229	what is the non-si units mentioned in the si for pressure?	  The non-SI units mentioned in the SI for pressure are atmospheres (atm), bars, millimeters of mercury (mmHg), and pounds per square inch (psi).
3230	which radio episode was about the louisiana state penitentiary?	  The episode of This American Life titled "605: Middle of Nowhere" focuses on the Louisiana State Penitentiary.
3231	touchscreens is compatible with what videos games?	  Touchscreens are compatible with many video games, including mobile, console, and PC games. Popular genres of video games that are compatible with touchscreens include puzzle, racing, sports, action-adventure, role-playing, and strategy.
3232	which illuminance unit does have 1.0 lux?	  1 lux is a unit of illuminance, which is a measure of the amount of light that falls on a given area.
3233	coulomb per square metre is the electric flux density unit that is part of what measurement system?	  This unit is part of the International System of Units (SI).
3234	what is the government office within which the deputy premier resides?	  The deputy premier typically resides in the Office of the Deputy Premier.
3235	who is the shortest film producer?	  It is impossible to answer this question definitively, as there is no reliable source of data on the heights of film producers.
3236	kuiper stations owns what number of radio stations?	  Kuiper Stations owns over 500 radio stations across the United States.
3237	whatt series of conference belongs to the same conference event as sheraton columbus hotel?	  The Sheraton Columbus Hotel is part of the Marriott International family of hotels and is host to several conference events, such as the Marriott International Conference Series, the Marriott Global Conference Series, and the Marriott Business Conference Series.
3238	in what measurement system is millifarad a unit?	  The millifarad (mF) is a unit of electrical capacitance in the International System of Units (SI).
3239	what wine has the maximum percent new oak?	  The wine with the highest percentage of new oak is Château Mouton-Rothschild, a Bordeaux blend from France. It is aged for 18 months in 100% new oak barrels.
3240	which rail gauge has a minimum width of 1000.0 and no less?	  The Standard Gauge, which is the most commonly used railway gauge around the world, has a minimum width of 1000.0 mm and no less.
3241	the vienna philharmonic are best known for their primary use of what instruments?	  The Vienna Philharmonic are best known for their primary use of orchestral instruments such as strings, woodwinds, brass, and percussion.
3242	how many exhibitions are produced by science of?	  It is impossible to answer this question without knowing more about the specific organization or institution producing the exhibitions.
3243	what is the name of the steam locomotive class that has the largest gauge (mm)?	  The largest gauge of a steam locomotive class is the Russian Decapod, which has a gauge of 2,140mm (7 ft).
3244	under the international system of units standard, what is the unit of resistance?	  The unit of resistance under the International System of Units (SI) is the ohm (Ω).
3245	can you tell me the current status of the sapo search site ?	  The Sapo Search site is currently up and running. It is a Portuguese-language search engine that is powered by Google. It offers a variety of features, including news, images, videos, and more.
3246	what is the name of the unit of catalytic activity in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of catalytic activity in the International System of Units (SI) is the katal (kat).
3247	the musical game published by aspyr consists of what input method?	  The musical game published by Aspyr is played using a keyboard or MIDI controller.
3248	the video game minimonos uses what engine?	  Minimonos is powered by the Unity 3D game engine.
3249	what is the video game engine that does proceed aurora engine?	  The CRYENGINE is a popular game engine that is used in many games and is a successor to the Aurora Engine.
3250	in international system of units, the unit of molar energy is what?	  The unit of molar energy in the International System of Units (SI) is the joule per mole (J/mol).
3251	minecraft beta was influenced by which video games?	  Minecraft Beta was influenced by a variety of video games, including Infiniminer, Dwarf Fortress, Dungeon Keeper, and RollerCoaster Tycoon.
3252	1.0 grams per mole represents which unit?	  1.0 grams per mole is a unit of molar mass.
3253	which unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1e-06 shares the same measurement system with joule per kelvin?	  The unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins lower than 1e-06 is the reciprocal kelvin (K⁻¹). It shares the same measurement system as the joule per kelvin (J/K).
3254	bubia language is spoken by what ethnicity?	  The Bubia language is spoken by the Bubia people, an ethnic group from the Democratic Republic of Congo.
3255	what are the space missions which are sponsored by mojave aerospace ventures?	  1. SpaceShipOne (2004) 2. SpaceShipTwo (2009) 3. Stratolaunch (2011) 4. Dream Chaser (2012) 5. Skylon (2013) 6. Stratolaunch Systems (2013) 7. Virgin Galactic (2014) 8. Stratolaunch Carrier Aircraft (2016) 9. Stratolaunch Rocket System (2017) 10. LauncherOne (2017)
3256	what constellation has the star 27 lyncis?	  The star 27 Lyncis is located in the constellation of Lynx.
3257	how many variations of worship places are present in bahá'í faith?	  There is no single answer to this question, as Bahá'í Faith places of worship vary greatly depending on the individual community and its local culture. Generally speaking, Bahá'í Houses of Worship are the most common form of Bahá'í worship space, although some communities may also have smaller, more intimate spaces for prayer and meditation. Additionally, Bahá'ís have the option to worship in their own homes, or in outdoor spaces such as parks or beaches.
3258	name the wine that belongs to san luis obispo county, california wines, and has 14.7 percentage of alcohol.	  Edna Valley Chardonnay
3259	christopher glenn is the artist of what episodes of a radio program?	  Christopher Glenn was the original announcer for the radio program "The CBS World News Roundup," which has been airing daily since 1938.
3260	find locomotive class with a weight of 129.0.	  The locomotive class with a weight of 129.0 is the British Rail Class 08 diesel-electric shunter.
3261	the achankovil is an inflow source for which lake?	  The Achankovil River is an inflow source for the Vembanad Lake in Kerala, India.
3262	hops similar to chinook makes which style of beer?	  Chinook makes a variety of beers, including IPAs, pale ales, stouts, and porters.
3263	which musical recording is produced by vince mendoza?	  Vince Mendoza has produced a number of albums, including "Home" by Michael Brecker, "The Music of John Lewis" by the WDR Big Band, "The Jazz Soul of Little Stevie" by Stevie Wonder, "The Music of Bill Evans" by the Metropole Orchestra, and "Live at the North Sea Jazz Festival" by the Metropole Orchestra.
3264	what is the color filter array type of digital cameras with compressed format quicktime file format?	  The color filter array type of digital cameras with compressed format Quicktime file format is typically either a Bayer pattern or a YUV pattern.
3265	what is the unit of radioactivity in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of radioactivity in the International System of Units (SI) is the becquerel (Bq).
3266	what measurement system has the exposure unit of coulomb per kilogram?	  The exposure unit of coulomb per kilogram is part of the International System of Units (SI).
3267	which theater company produced hairspray?	  The musical Hairspray was produced by Margo Lion and the New Line Theatre Company.
3268	what gameplay mode is the video game that supports the peripheral zapper?	  The peripheral Zapper is most commonly associated with the classic NES game Duck Hunt, which is a light gun shooter game.
3269	checkpoint software technologies developed which operating system?	  Checkpoint Software Technologies develops security software for a variety of operating systems, including Windows, Mac OS, Linux, and Solaris.
3270	wdev has what content?	  Wdev is a web development platform that provides web developers with tools and resources to create and manage websites. It includes a content management system, a website builder, an e-commerce platform, a blog platform, and a range of other features. It also includes a range of plugins and themes to customize websites.
3271	in which measurement system is gray an absorbed dose unit?	  Gray is an absorbed dose unit in the International System of Units (SI).
3272	melvin van peebles was the same ethnicity of which astronaut ?	  There is no astronaut with the same ethnicity as Melvin Van Peebles.
3273	a locus of x - [43510800,43626624] belongs to which chromosome?	  This locus of x is located on Chromosome X.
3274	which is the unit of angular acceleration in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of angular acceleration in the International System of Units (SI) is radians per second squared (rad/s2).
3275	dark seed ii was published by which video game publisher?	  DreamForge Intertainment.
3276	what medical trial has been tested for indinavir sulfate?	  One medical trial that has been tested for indinavir sulfate is the AIDS Clinical Trials Group (ACTG) Protocol A5095. This study was conducted to evaluate the efficacy and safety of indinavir sulfate in combination with other antiretroviral agents in the treatment of HIV-1 infection.
3277	who designed the slowest roller coaster at disney land?	  The slowest roller coaster at Disney Land is the King Arthur Carrousel, which was designed by Charles W. Parker in 1922.
3278	what is the oxidizer of the bipropellant rocket engine with largest diameter?	  The oxidizer of the bipropellant rocket engine with the largest diameter is liquid oxygen.
3279	which radio station does have middle of the road?	  Middle of the road music can be found on many radio stations. Some examples include K-LOVE, Air1, and SiriusXM's The Blend.
3280	in emerald necklace, how many landscape architects are there?	  It is impossible to answer this question without more information.
3281	andrew innes was the producer of which musical recording?	  Andrew Innes is best known for producing the Primal Scream album Screamadelica (1991).
3282	centimetre–gram–second system of units is a unit of pressure in what measurement system?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units is a unit of pressure in the metric system.
3283	what medical trial design using a study of two anti-hiv drug combinations in hiv-infected patients has the lowest number of expected total enrollment?	  The lowest number of expected total enrollment in a medical trial design using a study of two anti-HIV drug combinations in HIV-infected patients would likely be achieved by using a randomized controlled trial (RCT). This type of trial design involves randomly assigning participants to receive either one of the two drug combinations or a placebo. The total number of participants enrolled in the trial would be determined by the desired sample size and the number of participants needed to detect a statistically significant difference between the two interventions.
3284	under the international system of units, what is the name of a measure for a unit of permeability?	  The unit of permeability under the International System of Units (SI) is the henry per meter (H/m).
3285	what are the rocket engines designed by the same desinger who does the bipropellant rocket engine manufactured by yuzhmash?	  Yuzhmash manufactures a variety of rocket engines designed by the same designer, including the RD-843 bipropellant rocket engine, the RD-851 liquid-propellant rocket engine, the RD-853 liquid-propellant rocket engine, the RD-854 liquid-propellant rocket engine, the RD-857 bipropellant rocket engine, and the RD-860 bipropellant rocket engine.
3286	what are the tennis tournaments that pauline parmentier won?	  Pauline Parmentier has won two singles titles on the WTA Tour: the 2014 Open GDF Suez de Cagnes-sur-Mer Alpes-Maritimes and the 2015 Internationaux Féminins de la Vienne. She has also won four ITF singles titles.
3287	which medical trial design that uses a phase iii study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of ganciclovir (dihydroxypropoxymethyl guanine [dhpg]) treatment of symptomatic central nervous system (cns) congenital cytomegalovirus (cmv) infections. has the lowest number of expected total enrollment?	  The lowest number of expected total enrollment for this medical trial design would be a Phase II study. This type of study typically involves a smaller number of participants and is used to assess safety and efficacy of the drug in a limited population.
3288	wii-remote supports what video game?	  The Wii Remote is compatible with a wide range of video games, including many titles made specifically for the Wii console. Some of the most popular games that use the Wii Remote include Mario Kart Wii, Wii Sports, New Super Mario Bros. Wii, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, and The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess.
3289	balance board supports what video game?	  Most balance boards are compatible with a variety of video games, including Wii Fit, Wii Fit Plus, Wii Sports Resort, and other motion-based games.
3290	what is the unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 1e+06 seconds?	  The unit of time in the International System of Units (SI) used to measure less than 1 million seconds is the second (s).
3291	in the measurement system that has the data rate units of megabit per second, what is the magnetic field strength unit of measure?	  The magnetic field strength unit of measure in the measurement system that has the data rate units of megabit per second is Tesla (T).
3292	which video game version has the game of alias underground episode 9: countdown?	  Alias Underground Episode 9: Countdown is available on Windows and Mac.
3293	the maneuver one-handed backhand is used by what tennis players?	  The maneuver one-handed backhand is used by professional tennis players, including Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, and Andy Murray.
3294	which unit represents 1.0 grams per mole?	  Gram per mole (g/mol)
3295	hastings railway station is a terminal of what railway?	  Hastings Railway Station is a terminal of the Southeastern Railway network.
3296	what is the food that has more than 117.0 energy per 100g?	  Popcorn is one food that has more than 117.0 energy per 100g.
3297	what are the video games in the platform of windows phone?	  Some popular video games for Windows Phone include:  1. Asphalt 8: Airborne 2. Halo: Spartan Assault 3. Angry Birds 4. Modern Combat 5: Blackout 5. Fruit Ninja 6. Subway Surfers 7. Despicable Me: Minion Rush 8. 6th Planet 9. Cut the Rope 10. Plants vs. Zombies
3298	in the competition women race at 2012 sutki begom ultramarathon, what sport medal do you win?	  There is no specific medal awarded for the Sutki Begom Ultramarathon. However, the overall winners of the race (both male and female) are typically awarded a trophy or other prize.
3299	what game is supported by a zilog z80 computer processor?	  The Zilog Z80 processor was used in a variety of classic 8-bit computer and video game systems, such as the Sinclair ZX Spectrum, Tandy TRS-80, Amstrad CPC, MSX, NEC PC-8801, and Sega Master System. It was also used in arcade games such as Pac-Man, Dig Dug, and Space Invaders.
3300	which of carol welsman recordings is shortest in length?	  The shortest Carol Welsman recording is "Let's Fall in Love" which has a running time of 3:26.
3301	what cuisine is available at la fonda latina?	  La Fonda Latina serves traditional Latin American cuisine, including dishes from Mexico, Cuba, and Central and South America. Popular menu items include tacos, burritos, enchiladas, tamales, pupusas, and other traditional dishes.
3302	what conference series is sponsored by sitefinity and is a professional conference?	  The Sitefinity Professional Conference Series.
3303	2004 oberon napa valley cabernet sauvignon is a wine that comes from what appellation?	  Napa Valley, California.
3304	what unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include microgram?	  The unit of length associated with a measurement system whose mass units include micrograms is the meter.
3305	what is the name of the media type that fbi 94.5's beforecast - podcast feed uses?	  The media type used by FBI 94.5's podcast feed is RSS (Rich Site Summary), also known as Really Simple Syndication.
3306	wii motionplus supports the peripherals of which video game version?	  The Wii MotionPlus peripheral supports all versions of the Nintendo Wii video game console.
3307	us customary unit can be used to measure what?	  US customary units can be used to measure length, area, volume, weight, temperature, and time.
3308	what is the monarch for kingdom saxe-coburg-gotha?	  The monarch of the Kingdom of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha is currently Queen Elizabeth II.
3309	what was gimme shelter a video of?	  Gimme Shelter is a documentary film about The Rolling Stones' 1969 U.S. tour, culminating in the disastrous Altamont Free Concert. The film was directed by Albert and David Maysles and Charlotte Zwerin.
3310	obama is a candidate in what election campaign?	  Barack Obama was the Democratic nominee in the 2008 U.S. presidential election.
3311	energy industry is part of what conference series?	  The Renewable Energy Conference Series.
3312	in the measurement system international system of units, what is the unit of solid angle?	  The unit of solid angle in the International System of Units (SI) is steradians (sr).
3313	what video game platform is supported by xbox live!	  Xbox Live is supported by the Xbox 360, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S video game platforms.
3314	word whiz was designed by what designer?	  Word Whiz was designed by game designer Scott Kim.
3315	coulomb per kilogram is an exposure unit for which measurement system?	  The coulomb per kilogram is an exposure unit for the SI system of measurement.
3316	nudity is the description of which video game rating?	  Nudity is not a factor in the video game rating system. Ratings are based on the level of violence, language, sexual content, and other mature themes in a game.
3317	the 1977–78 scottish cup season is host to what sports league championship?	  The 1977–78 Scottish Cup was the 93rd staging of Scotland's most prestigious football knockout competition. It was won by Rangers, who defeated Dundee United 1–0 in the final at Hampden Park.
3318	america is the subject of which radio programs?	  Radio programs about Latin America include "The Latin Alternative," "Latino USA," and "Latino Voices."
3319	warcraft iii: the frozen throne uses what video game mod?	  Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne uses the custom map modding system, which allows players to create and distribute custom maps for the game.
3320	who built the uss hornet?	  The USS Hornet was built by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company in Virginia.
3321	the closest defunct time zone to utc is what?	  UTC-1, also known as the Azores Standard Time Zone.
3322	eucharist in the catholic church religion uses what religious text?	  The Eucharist in the Catholic Church is based on the teachings of the Bible, particularly the New Testament. The Catechism of the Catholic Church states that the Eucharist is the source and summit of the Christian life and is derived from the words of Jesus at the Last Supper, “This is my body which will be given for you; do this in memory of me.” (Luke 22:19).
3323	find the the tv station with the latest founding date.	  The television station with the latest founding date is WAPA-TV, founded in 1954 in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
3324	the star known as theta boötis is in what constellation?	  Theta Boötis is located in the constellation of Boötes.
3325	a unit of conductivity that has less than 1.0 conductivity in siemens per meter is known as what?	  A millisiemens per meter (mS/m).
3326	which court jurisdiction area is the place where the latest buried person died?	  The court jurisdiction area where the latest buried person died will depend on the location of the death.
3327	what are the rocket engines that can thrust at 1.1025e+06?	  The SpaceX Merlin 1D engine is one rocket engine that can thrust at 1.1025e+06. The Merlin 1D is a liquid oxygen and RP-1 fueled engine used in the first stage of the Falcon 9 launch vehicle.
3328	what video games can be played in the arcade mode mode?	  Some popular video games that can be played in Arcade Mode include:   -Pac-Man  -Street Fighter II  -Asteroids  -Donkey Kong  -Space Invaders  -Frogger  -Galaga  -Dig Dug  -Q*bert  -Defender  -BurgerTime  -Ms. Pac-Man  -Tetris  -Tempest  -Golden Axe  -Mortal Kombat  -OutRun  -Gauntlet
3329	digital cameras that have compressed format jpeg (exif 2.2) have what color filter array type?	  Most digital cameras that have compressed format JPEG (EXIF 2.2) have a Bayer Color Filter Array type.
3330	zelda games supports what video games?	  The Legend of Zelda series is a franchise of action-adventure video games developed and published by Nintendo. It primarily centers on the protagonist, Link, and his quest to save the Kingdom of Hyrule and its inhabitants from the evil Ganon. The games feature a mix of action, puzzle-solving, and exploration.
3331	mni is supported by how many computing platforms?	  Omni is supported by four computing platforms: Windows, Mac, Linux, and iOS.
3332	how many different types of computers can run np?	  There are many different types of computers that can run NP, including desktop computers, laptops, tablets, and smartphones.
3333	name the measurement system that uses watt per square metre as an irradiance unit.	  The measurement system that uses watt per square metre as an irradiance unit is the SI (International System of Units) system.
3334	what book was adapted from a adaption of monopoly?	  The book "The Monopolists: Obsession, Fury, and the Scandal Behind the World's Favorite Board Game" by Mary Pilon was adapted from the board game Monopoly.
3335	star-trek is what type of fictional species?	  Star Trek is a science fiction franchise created by Gene Roddenberry. It follows the adventures of various human, alien, and artificial life forms in a variety of settings, including space exploration, planetary colonization, and time travel.
3336	who designed the aircraft with greatest wingspan?	  The Hughes H-4 Hercules, also known as the Spruce Goose, designed by Howard Hughes, has the greatest wingspan of any aircraft ever built at 97.54 meters (320 feet).
3337	wow: wrath of the lich king is played in which gameplay mode?	  Wrath of the Lich King is a Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (MMORPG).
3338	which radio programs have the subject of mandela?	  1. BBC World Service: Mandela: The Miracle Maker 2. NPR: Remembering Mandela 3. Al Jazeera: Mandela: The Legacy 4. CNN: Mandela: A Life in Pictures 5. ABC: Mandela: The Lasting Legacy
3339	how many different dog breeds from the great britain have a similar temperament as aotterhound?	  There are several dog breeds from the UK that have a similar temperament to an Otterhound. These include the Bearded Collie, the Border Collie, the Welsh Terrier, the Irish Terrier, the Scottish Terrier, the Irish Setter, the English Setter, the Bulldog, and the English Springer Spaniel.
3340	what is the international system of units used to measure the surface density in?	  The International System of Units (SI) is used to measure surface density. It is expressed in kilograms per square meter (kg/m2).
3341	the hard goodbye has what adaptation adapted from it?	  The Hard Goodbye has been adapted into a feature film, titled Sin City, directed by Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller and released in 2005.
3342	which organism has children dante?	  Dante does not have any children.
3343	which soundtrack is featured by artist chenoweth?	  Kristin Chenoweth has been featured on a number of soundtracks, including The Peanuts Movie, Descendants, The Muppets, and The Intern.
3344	who composed a composition about neil gaiman?	  "A Dream of Neil Gaiman" is a composition by the American composer John Mackey.
3345	name the oldest mountaineer.	  The oldest mountaineer is Yuichiro Miura of Japan. He climbed to the summit of Mount Everest at the age of 80 in 2013.
3346	sonatina, as sub-forms, are in which type of composition?	  Sonatinas, as sub-forms, are in the type of composition known as chamber music.
3347	what is the the pastor's study about?	  The pastor's study is typically a private room within a church that is used for prayer, study, and reflection by the pastor. It is often a place for the pastor to retreat for quiet time, to work on sermon preparation, and to meet with church members.
3348	resistance in ohms of 1.0 is for which unit of resistance?	  The unit of resistance for a resistance of 1.0 ohms is the ohm (Ω).
3349	name the radio programs which have the subject of mt everest.	  1. The Mountain World: Everest  2. Everest: The Climb  3. The Everest Files  4. Everest: Beyond the Limit  5. Climb: Everest  6. The Summit: Everest  7. Ultimate Survival: Everest  8. Everest: The Death Zone  9. Everest: The Mystery of Mallory and Irvine  10. Everest: The Search for Mallory and Irvine
3350	klaus knopper developed which operating system?	  Klaus Knopper developed the Knoppix Linux distribution.
3351	what was the game that came before king arthur: the role-playing wargame?	  The game that came before King Arthur: The Role-Playing Wargame was King Arthur: The Saxons.
3352	what radio programs are about fairy tale?	  1. Once Upon a Time Radio Show 2. Fairy Tale Fables 3. Enchanting Tales 4. Once Upon a Dream 5. Storybook Radio 6. Imagination Theatre 7. Fairytale Radio Hour 8. Magical Myths 9. Storyland Adventures 10. Fairy Tale Jukebox
3353	xbox supports what number of video game distribution systems?	  Xbox supports two video game distribution systems: Xbox Live and the Xbox Game Pass.
3354	which organism has a height larger than1.75?	  Humans.
3355	what unit of energy belongs to the same measurement system as gram per cubic centimetre?	  Joule (J)
3356	can you tell me if gray is the absorbed dose units in which measurement system?	  No, gray (Gy) is the unit of absorbed dose in the International System of Units (SI).
3357	what is the exhibition with the same curator as the exhibition curator with future pavilion?	  The exhibition with the same curator as the exhibition curator of Future Pavilion is the exhibition titled "The Future of Design: New Materials, New Experiences," which was held at the Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum in New York City in 2019.
3358	what is the name of some software written in the programming language modula 2?	  Some examples of software written in Modula-2 include the GEM Desktop Environment, the Modula-2 compiler, the Modula-2 library, and the Modula-2 graphics library.
3359	what constellation includes oy carinae?	  Carina, the Keel.
3360	which unit of magnetic flux density has a density in teslas of less than 1.0?	  The unit of magnetic flux density with a density of less than 1.0 Tesla is the Gauss (G).
3361	ghetto blaster is developed by what video games developer?	  Ghetto Blaster was developed by Japanese video game developer Taito Corporation.
3362	which class of locomotives are built by siemens?	  Siemens builds a variety of locomotives, including high-speed intercity passenger locomotives, freight locomotives, and light rail vehicles.
3363	30.0 is the max speed of which ship class?	  The maximum speed of the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier is 30 knots (34.5 mph).
3364	twoleg exists in what fictional universe?	  Twoleg is a character in the Warriors book series, which is set in a fictional universe populated by feral cats.
3365	who developed archon ii: adept video game?	  Archon II: Adept is a 1983 video game developed by Free Fall Associates. It is a sequel to the popular 1983 game Archon.
3366	is there a list of video game engines included in game of chess?	  No, there is not a list of video game engines included in game of chess. However, there are several popular chess engines available for free, including Stockfish, Komodo, and Houdini.
3367	which unit of moment of force is in the measurement system of english units?	  The unit of moment of force in the English system of measurement is the pound-foot (lb-ft).
3368	what measuring instruments are used to measure forces?	  Common measuring instruments used to measure force include spring scales, force gauges, load cells, and dynamometers.
3369	what type of material was the roller coaster in ladybird coaster built with?	  The Ladybird Coaster was built with steel track and supports.
3370	the locomotive class british rail class 86 is found on which electric system?	  The British Rail Class 86 electric locomotives were used on the 25 kV AC overhead electrified lines of the West Coast Main Line.
3371	what video game does beatmania controller support?	  The Beatmania series of rhythm video games by Konami, which uses a custom controller, supports the following games: Beatmania IIDX, Beatmania III, Beatmania US, Beatmania JAPAN, Beatmania 5th Mix, Beatmania 6th Mix, Beatmania 7th Mix, Beatmania The Final, Beatmania II DX, Beatmania III Append 7th Mix, Beatmania III Append Core Remix, Beatmania III Append GottaMix, Beatmania III Append 8th Mix, Beatmania III Append Club Version, Beatmania III Append Discotheque Version, Beatmania III Append 9th Mix, Beatmania III Append 10th Mix, Beatmania III Append 11th Mix, Beatmania III Append 12th Mix, Beatmania III Append 13th Mix, Beatmania III Append 14th Mix, Beatmania III Append 15th Mix, Beatmania III Append 16th Mix, Beatmania III Append 17th Mix, Beatmania III Append 18th Mix, Beatmania III Append 19th Mix, Beatmania III Append 20th Mix, Beatmania III Append 21st Mix, Beatmania III Append 22nd Mix, Beatmania III Append 23rd Mix, Beatmania III Append 24th Mix, Beatmania III Append 25th Mix, and Beatmania III Append 26th Mix.
3372	tim gilberts created which video game engine?	  Tim Gilberts created the Torque Game Engine, which is a cross-platform game engine developed by GarageGames.
3373	what blended spirit has the minimum alcohol content and uses whiskies?	  The blended spirit with the minimum alcohol content and using whiskies is a Scotch Whisky, which typically contains 40% alcohol by volume (ABV).
3374	which measurement system has the density units of kg/m3?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the density units of kg/m3.
3375	which video game engine was created by daybreak game company	  The Forgelight Engine was created by Daybreak Game Company.
3376	joule per cubic metre has which unit?	  Joules per cubic metre is a unit of energy density.
3377	what rocket engines are able to thrust 754600.0?	  The Space Shuttle Main Engines (SSMEs) are able to thrust 754600.0. These engines are the most powerful liquid-fueled rocket engines ever developed and were used to power the Space Shuttle to orbit.
3378	what is the name of a martial arts organization for boxing match?	  The most well-known martial arts organization for boxing matches is the International Boxing Federation (IBF).
3379	what time zone has a dst offset more than 10.5 from utc?	  The Chatham Islands Time Zone (UTC+12:45) has an offset more than 10.5 from UTC.
3380	what was the website https://www.bglgroup.co.uk/ initiated?	  The BGL Group website was launched in 1999 to provide customers with an online presence and access to its services.
3381	where is the version developed by arkedo studio and distributed through xbox indie games released?	  The Arkedo Studio's version of the game distributed through Xbox Indie Games is no longer available. It was released in 2011 and was only available for a limited time.
3382	what consumer product is maded by company google inc.?	  Google Inc. makes a wide range of consumer products, including Google Search, Gmail, Google Maps, Google Chrome, Google Drive, Google Photos, YouTube, Android, Google Home, Google Nest, Google Pixel, and Google Wifi.
3383	at university of deseret, what kind of education can one expect?	  The University of Utah offers a wide variety of educational opportunities for students. The university offers undergraduate and graduate degrees in a range of disciplines, including business, engineering, law, medicine, science, and the humanities. The university also provides professional development, certificate, and continuing education programs.
3384	what is the unit of absorbed dose rate in international system of units?	  The unit of absorbed dose rate in the International System of Units (SI) is gray per second (Gy/s).
3385	which unit of data transmission rate is 1e+12 rate in bits per second?	  1e+12 rate in bits per second is equal to 1 Terabit per second.
3386	on jan. the 31st, 2009, which video game was initially released?	  The first video game released on January 31, 2009 was Street Fighter IV.
3387	perphenazine and amitriptyline hydrochloride 4/10 film coated tablet is the active moiety of formulation in what drug ingredient?	  The active moiety of this formulation is a combination of two drugs, perphenazine and amitriptyline hydrochloride. Perphenazine is an antipsychotic drug, while amitriptyline hydrochloride is an antidepressant.
3388	what current density unit of frequency is ampere per square metre?	  The current density unit of frequency is amperes per square meter (A/m2).
3389	which bassist has the height of at least 1.91?	  Oteil Burbridge.
3390	what radio program's last broadcast was on 1947?	  The long-running radio program The Grand Ole Opry's last broadcast before transitioning to television was on September 25, 1947.
3391	what is the name of the noble person who is the skinniest?	  There is no one noble person who is the skinniest.
3392	what is the unit of volumetric flow rate in international system of units?	  The unit of volumetric flow rate in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per second (m3/s).
3393	what measurement system uses the picofarad?	  The picofarad (pF) is a unit of measurement used in the metric system.
3394	american samoa community college is considered what kind of school?	  American Samoa Community College is a public two-year college.
3395	search for stars with the average orbital speed of 145.0 or less.	  You can search for stars with an average orbital speed of 145.0 or less using the NASA Exoplanet Archive. On the main page, select the "Advanced Search" option and enter "145.0" in the "Orbital Speed (km/s)" field. Then click the "Search" button to see a list of stars that meet your criteria.
3396	what is the school located in the school district of russellville city school district?	  The Russellville City School District is located in Russellville, Alabama.
3397	which video game compilation includes championship sprint?	  The Midway Arcade Treasures 3 compilation includes Championship Sprint.
3398	what lectures does basel university sponsor?	  Basel University sponsors a wide range of lectures, including research seminars, public lectures, and student-organized events. Some of the topics covered include art, history, philosophy, literature, and science.
3399	temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins greater or equal to 5.556e-07 has which unit of inverse temperature?	  The unit of inverse temperature for a temperature coefficient of 5.556e-07 would be K⁻¹ (Kelvin inverse).
3400	brendan o'carroll is made notable by having which kind of medical condition or disease?	  Brendan O'Carroll does not have any known medical condition or disease.
3401	the engine with a horsepower less than 335.0 is which one?	  The specific engine you are looking for will depend on the make and model of the vehicle you are considering. However, some examples of engines with less than 335 horsepower include the 3.0L V6 engine found in the 2020 Ford Escape, the 2.4L 4-cylinder engine found in the 2020 Honda Accord, and the 2.5L 4-cylinder engine found in the 2020 Toyota Camry.
3402	a microfarad is unit in which measurement system?	  A microfarad is a unit of measurement in the metric system. It is used to measure electrical capacitance.
3403	what is the unit of magnetic flux in international system of units?	  The unit of magnetic flux in the International System of Units (SI) is the Weber (Wb).
3404	bulgarian parliamentary election, 2009 was part of what general election?	  The 2009 Bulgarian parliamentary election was part of the 2009 Bulgarian general election, which included presidential, local, and European Parliament elections.
3405	which geographical scope belongs to the conference series which is the subject of qa and testing on embedded systems?	  The conference series typically covers topics related to QA and testing on embedded systems in a global scope.
3406	name the uses of non-si units mentioned in the si and metric system.	  1. Foot (ft) - Used to measure length. 2. Pound (lb) - Used to measure weight. 3. Gallon (gal) - Used to measure volume. 4. Fahrenheit (°F) - Used to measure temperature. 5. Knot (kt) - Used to measure speed. 6. Bar (bar) - Used to measure pressure. 7. Acre (ac) - Used to measure area. 8. Liter (L) - Used to measure volume.
3407	which rail gauge has the smallest width of no less than 1372.0?	  The narrowest rail gauge is the Indian gauge, which has a width of 1,676 mm (5 ft 6 in), which is no less than 1372.0.
3408	centimetre–gram–second system of units system has what as the unit of charge?	  The unit of charge in the centimetre–gram–second system of units is the electrostatic unit of charge (esu), which is equal to the charge of one electrostatic unit (3.336 × 10−10 coulombs).
3409	what was the latest browser released by the creators of ctx?	  The latest browser released by the creators of CTX is CTX Browser.
3410	which video game version is released on the platform of nuon?	  The only video game version released on the Nuon platform is the enhanced version of Monopoly.
3411	what is the family of a computer processor that is a variant of atmega64?	  The family of a computer processor that is a variant of ATmega64 is the ATmega64A family.
3412	what rail gauge has a maximum width of 1435.0?	  The Indian Railways Standard Gauge has a maximum width of 1435.0 mm.
3413	diet, reducing testing has been done in what medical trial?	  The most well-known medical trial that has studied the effects of reducing dietary intake is the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) trial. This trial studied the effects of reducing sodium intake, increasing intake of fruits, vegetables, and low-fat dairy products, and reducing saturated fat and cholesterol intake on blood pressure.
3414	what's the genre of boss?	  Boss is a rap/hip-hop subgenre.
3415	what video games feature george foreman's ko boxing in their gameplay?	  1. Nintendo 64: George Foreman's KO Boxing 2. Sega Genesis: George Foreman's KO Boxing 3. PlayStation: George Foreman's KO Boxing 2 4. Game Boy Color: George Foreman's KO Boxing 5. Game Boy Advance: George Foreman's KO Boxing
3416	in apr. the 2nd, 2011, which video game was released?	  On April 2, 2011, the video game "Portal 2" was released.
3417	how many exhibitions produced by plymouth historical museum	  The Plymouth Historical Museum does not produce exhibitions. The museum collects and preserves artifacts and documents related to the history of the Plymouth area and makes them available for public viewing.
3418	which game play mode is the game that supports balance board?	  The game that supports the balance board is Wii Fit, which is a fitness game that uses the balance board as a controller. It features a variety of game play modes, including yoga, strength training, aerobics, and balance games.
3419	which musical instrument does sydney symphony orchestra primarily use?	  The Sydney Symphony Orchestra primarily uses orchestral instruments, such as strings, woodwinds, brass, percussion, and keyboards.
3420	what is the shortest c√©line dion song?	  The shortest Celine Dion song is "Let's Talk About Love," which runs 2 minutes and 35 seconds.
3421	what was the video game region that sonic & sega all-stars racing was released in?	  Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing was released in North America, Europe, Australia, and Japan.
3422	what instruments are most common in the london philharmonic?	  The London Philharmonic Orchestra (LPO) is composed of a wide variety of instruments, including:  Strings: Violin, Viola, Cello, Double Bass, Harp  Woodwinds: Flute, Oboe, Clarinet, Bassoon  Brass: French Horn, Trumpet, Trombone, Tuba  Percussion: Timpani, Snare Drum, Cymbals, Bass Drum, Triangle, Xylophone  Keyboards: Piano, Harpsichord
3423	the international system of units uses what unit to measure illuminance?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the lux (lx) to measure illuminance.
3424	1.0 is the flux in lumens for which unit of luminous flux?	  Lumens (lm)
3425	what are the reaction engines with mass of at least 5393.0?	  1. Pratt & Whitney F135 2. General Electric F110 3. Rolls-Royce F130 4. GE F414 5. Pratt & Whitney F100 6. Rolls-Royce F136 7. Pratt & Whitney F117 8. Aerojet Rocketdyne RS-25 9. Aerojet Rocketdyne RL10 10. Aerojet Rocketdyne AJ-60A
3426	which video game developer developed age of empires series?	  The Age of Empires series was developed by Ensemble Studios.
3427	2139.9 is the gauge for what locomotive class?	  2139.9 is the gauge for the Class 2MT steam locomotive.
3428	find a review for from byzantium to italy: greek studies in the italian renaissance.	  "From Byzantium to Italy is an essential book for any student or scholar interested in the history of Greek studies in the Italian Renaissance. The book is well written and provides a comprehensive overview of the various aspects of the revival of Greek studies in the Italian Renaissance. It covers the various aspects of the revival, including the impact of Byzantine scholars, the development of Greek studies in the Italian universities, and the impact of the Italian Renaissance on Greek studies. The book also provides an in-depth analysis of the various aspects of the revival, including the impact of humanism, the rise of philhellenism, and the impact of the printing press. Overall, this book is a great resource for anyone interested in the history of Greek studies in the Italian Renaissance."
3429	what video games did tiara create?	  Tiara has not created any video games.
3430	which wine is in california central valley?	  There are many types of wine produced in California's Central Valley, including Chardonnay, Cabernet Sauvignon, Zinfandel, Merlot, Syrah, and Pinot Noir.
3431	which class of locomotives are built by kawasaki?	  Kawasaki manufactures a wide range of locomotives, including diesel-electric and electric-multiple-unit (EMU) locomotives, as well as high-speed Shinkansen bullet trains.
3432	preferred hotels & resorts owns what brand of hotels?	  Preferred Hotels & Resorts owns the Preferred Hotels & Resorts brand of hotels.
3433	what has zelda ii: the adventure of link influenced?	  Zelda II: The Adventure of Link has had a major influence on video games in many ways. It was the first game in the series to feature side-scrolling levels, a save system, and an experience point system. It was also the first to introduce the Magic Meter, which allowed players to use magic attacks and spells. The game also introduced the concept of a Linked Game, which allowed players to save their progress and continue playing from another console. Additionally, it was the first game in the series to feature an overworld map, which has become a staple of the series. Finally, the game's soundtrack is widely considered to be one of the best in the series.
3434	four chromogenic prints contain what artwork?	  Chromogenic prints typically contain photographs, such as portraits, landscapes, or other kinds of art photography.
3435	what ship type is a ship class who has william crosby as a designer?	  The ship type is a Landing Craft Utility (LCU), and the ship class is the LCU-1610, designed by William Crosby.
3436	world of tanks uses what video game mod?	  World of Tanks is a free-to-play massively multiplayer online game developed and published by Wargaming, featuring mid-20th century era combat vehicles. It does not use any particular game mod.
3437	what time zone has a dst difference of more than -2.5 from utc?	  The most extreme time zone with a difference of more than -2.5 from UTC is the Baker Island Time Zone, which is UTC-12.
3438	which locomotive class has 609.6 gauge (mm)?	  The Indian Railways WAP-5 electric locomotive class has a 609.6 mm gauge.
3439	bell 206b is of what model line?	  The Bell 206B is a member of the Bell 206 series of helicopters, which includes the Bell 206A, 206L, 206L-1, 206L-3, 206L-4, and 206B-3.
3440	google, inc. sponsored what conference series?	  Google I/O is the annual developer conference sponsored by Google.
3441	which chromosome is at the locus of b4115?	  The exact answer cannot be determined without more information. However, the locus b4115 is located on human chromosome 4.
3442	lucy specimen was found in which fossil site?	  The Lucy fossil was found in the Hadar archaeological site in Ethiopia.
3443	magic flute, has what literature subject?	  The Magic Flute is a German opera in two acts composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. It is a work of music theatre in the genre of Singspiel, with elements of fantasy and magic. As such, it falls under the genre of opera and the subject of literature.
3444	ampere per square metre is the current density unit of which measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
3445	the locus ecs0250 is found in what gene?	  The locus ecs0250 is found in the Escherichia coli gene ytfJ.
3446	countdown with keith olbermann aired which sequence of tv episode segments?	  1. Countdown with Keith Olbermann typically aired four segments in each episode:   a. Countdown with Keith Olbermann: A recap of the day’s news and politics, with commentary and analysis from Olbermann.   b. The Worst Person in the World: A segment that highlights the most outrageous and outrageous behavior of the day.   c. The Closer: A segment that looks at the day’s events from a humorous perspective.   d. Special Comment: A segment in which Olbermann offers his own opinion on a particular issue.
3447	what is the unit of measure for permeability according to the international system of units?	  The unit of measure for permeability according to the International System of Units (SI) is the henry per meter (H/m).
3448	is there an input method for the music game guitar hero iii : legends of rock?	  No, Guitar Hero III does not have an input method. The game is played using a specialized guitar-shaped controller.
3449	0.0001 is the density in teslas in what unit of magnetic flux density?	  Tesla (T).
3450	what business conference is sponsored by pls inc?	  PLS Inc. does not appear to sponsor any specific business conferences. However, they do provide a variety of services related to business conferences, such as event planning and management, venue selection, and registration services.
3451	what game came before pro evolution soccer 5?	  Pro Evolution Soccer 4.
3452	what measurement system uses the angular velocity unit, poundal?	  The English Engineering System (or Foot-Pound-Second System) uses the poundal unit of angular velocity.
3453	what type of education does birmingham provide?	  Birmingham provides a variety of educational opportunities, including public and private schools, universities, and technical and vocational schools. The city is home to numerous public and private universities, including the University of Alabama at Birmingham, Birmingham-Southern College, Samford University, and Miles College. Birmingham also offers a range of technical and vocational schools, including Lawson State Community College, Jefferson State Community College, and the Alabama Fire College.
3454	what unit equals 1.0 coulombs per square meter?	  Farads per meter (F/m).
3455	the measurement system of international system of units is part of which data transmission rate?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not have a specific data transmission rate. It is a system of units and standards used in science, engineering, and commerce worldwide.
3456	what galatic shape is the pinwheel galaxy classified as?	  The Pinwheel Galaxy is classified as a spiral galaxy.
3457	find the sports team that plays wrestling.	  The WWE (World Wrestling Entertainment) is a sports entertainment company that is known for its professional wrestling events.
3458	what unit of data transmission rate is the si base unit of data transfer rates?	  The SI base unit of data transfer rates is the bit per second (bps).
3459	which measure for a unit of density is used in the same measurement system as metre per second as a measure of speed?	  Kilogram per cubic metre (kg/m³) is the unit of density used in the same measurement system as metre per second as a measure of speed.
3460	what is the gameplay mode of the musical game that has the version of wacky worlds?	  The gameplay mode of Wacky Worlds is an adventure game where players must complete various tasks and challenges in order to progress through the game. Players must also collect items to unlock new levels and characters, as well as use musical instruments to solve puzzles.
3461	what version of video games supports the peripheral class racing wheel?	  Most modern video game consoles, such as the Xbox One and PlayStation 4, support the peripheral class racing wheel.
3462	in which mountain range would one be able to find stob a' choire mheadhoin?	  Stob a' Choire Mheadhoin is located in the Cairngorms mountain range in Scotland.
3463	may the 11st, 2010 is an effective resolution of what digital cameras?	  No, the date of May 11, 2010 does not have any relevance to the resolution of digital cameras. Resolution is determined by the number of megapixels a camera has, not the date of a particular day.
3464	find the olympic medal (demonstration) that germany wins.	  Germany has won a total of 1045 Olympic medals, including 392 gold, 344 silver, and 309 bronze.
3465	what comic book genre does calliope and inazuma eleven belong to?	  Calliope and Inazuma Eleven belong to the manga/anime genre.
3466	what is the class of locomotives built by british rail classes 445 and 446?	  The British Rail Classes 445 and 446 are electric multiple units (EMUs) of the third-generation type.
3467	which type of fictional setting is the setting type of a fictional setting of daughter of the demon?	  The fictional setting of Daughter of the Demon is a fantasy world.
3468	name the unit of length in international system of units.	  Meter (m)
3469	dance mat is required to play what games?	  Dance mat games typically include rhythm and music-based games such as Dance Dance Revolution, Just Dance, and Pump It Up.
3470	fox news talk is owned by what radio station owner?	  Fox News Talk is owned by the Fox Corporation, which is the parent company of Fox News.
3471	women's rights activist is part of which professional field?	  Women's rights activism is a field of activism, not a profession. It is a social movement that seeks to ensure that women have the same rights, freedoms, and opportunities as men.
3472	nintendo of america is the designer of which video game?	  Nintendo is the designer of the Nintendo Switch video game console.
3473	what was the name of the legal case with nsa terrorist surveillance program as the subject?	  The legal case is known as ACLU v. NSA.
3474	vladivostock is the terminus of what railway?	  The Trans-Siberian Railway.
3475	madman atomic comics #7 was edited by which comic book editor?	  Atomic Comics #7 was edited by Mike Carlin.
3476	what is the name of the cuisine which originated in sulawesi?	  The cuisine of Sulawesi is known as Minahasan cuisine. It is known for its spicy flavors, with dishes like ayam rica-rica (spicy chicken) and cakalang fufu (smoked skipjack tuna).
3477	which game was released on sega dreamcast?	  The first game released on the Sega Dreamcast was Sonic Adventure.
3478	which locomotives are members of the british rail class 37 class?	  The British Rail Class 37 locomotives are members of the Class 37/0, 37/1, 37/2, 37/3, 37/4, 37/5, 37/6, 37/7 and 37/9.
3479	what adaptation is adapted from work that is an adaptation from the positronic man?	  There is no adaptation of the Positronic Man from any other work. The Positronic Man is an original work by Isaac Asimov and Robert Silverberg, and has not been adapted from any other work.
3480	cosmogony was composed by who?	  The cosmogony known as the Theogony was composed by the ancient Greek poet Hesiod in the 8th century BCE.
3481	what is the fictional setting type of virtual reality?	  The fictional setting type of virtual reality is usually a simulated world or environment, which is created with computer technology and can be interacted with in a seemingly real or physical way. This type of virtual reality is often used in video games, movies, and television shows.
3482	what is the name of the conference series that has a spnsoring organization of esa and is of kind trade fair?	  The European Space Agency (ESA) sponsors the International Astronautical Congress (IAC), an annual trade fair for space exploration.
3483	0.2286 meters is the distance in which unit of length?	  This is the distance in centimeters.
3484	what quantity of engines are there for chess games?	  There is no set number of engines for chess games. Some popular chess engines include Stockfish, Komodo, and Houdini.
3485	what unit of specific heat capacity is in the same measurement system with volts?	  Joules per kilogram Kelvin (J/kg·K).
3486	which game came before king arthur: the role-playing wargame?	  The game that came before King Arthur: The Role-Playing Wargame is King Arthur: The Saxons.
3487	what american football team is coached by norm parker?	  The Iowa Hawkeyes.
3488	which individual islands are a part of the lavezzi islands?	  The Lavezzi Islands are made up of two islands: Piana and Lavezzi.
3489	on 4 which tennis player went pro?	  Roger Federer
3490	nintendo co., ltd. designs how many video games?	  Nintendo Co., Ltd. designs and publishes hundreds of video games for multiple platforms, including Nintendo Switch, Nintendo 3DS, Wii U, and more.
3491	how many artworks are executed on panel?	  There is no single answer to this question as the number of artworks executed on panel varies greatly depending on the artist, the medium, and the style of artwork.
3492	which is the wine that belongs to amador county wines, has 15.3 percentage of alcohol?	  Amador County produces a variety of wines, but the most common wine produced in the region is Zinfandel. The alcohol content of Amador County Zinfandel can range from 13.5% to 16.5%.
3493	what is the unit of inverse temperature that has a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins less than 1e-06 that has the same measurement system as joule per kelvin?	  The unit of inverse temperature with a temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins less than 1e-06 that has the same measurement system as joule per kelvin is the picokelvin (pK).
3494	what is the piston configuration of ford model a engine?	  The Ford Model A engine was an L-head inline 4-cylinder with a displacement of 201 cubic inches. It had a bore of 3.1875 inches and a stroke of 4.125 inches. The piston configuration was a flathead design.
3495	name the tv episode segments in the better know a district sequence.	  1. "The History of the District" 2. "The People of the District" 3. "The Places of the District" 4. "The Politics of the District" 5. "The Culture of the District" 6. "The Fun Facts of the District" 7. "The Takeaways of the District"
3496	in which measurement system pascal second is a viscosity unit?	  The Pascal second is a unit of viscosity in the International System of Units (SI).
3497	other services available through the pension (veterans affairs) industry include what?	  1. Pension/disability compensation.  2. Education and training benefits.  3. Home loan guarantees.  4. Health care benefits.  5. Life insurance.  6. Burial and memorial benefits.  7. Dependency and indemnity compensation.  8. Vocational rehabilitation and employment services.  9. Financial counseling and assistance.  10. Survivor benefits.
3498	which food has energy per 100g as 802.0?	  Almonds. Almonds contain 802 calories per 100 grams.
3499	which unit of energy density demonstrates density of 1.0 joules per cubic meter?	  The unit of energy density that demonstrates a density of 1.0 joules per cubic meter is the joule per cubic meter (J/m^3).
3500	linux os is the subject of what conference series?	  The Linux Conference Series is an annual event that brings together developers, users, and vendors to discuss the latest developments in the Linux operating system.
3501	in weightmass of kilograms what is the smallest unit of mass?	  The smallest unit of mass is the milligram (mg).
3502	gerard ter borch shares the same exhibition curator with which exhibition?	  The exhibition that Gerard ter Borch shares a curator with is the exhibition titled "Gerard ter Borch and the Deception of Reality" at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC.
3503	what tv program has recurring segments of shutterbugs?	  America's Funniest Home Videos.
3504	what is the total number of heraldic crests used on coat of arms of british columbia?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the total number of heraldic crests used on the coat of arms of British Columbia can change over time.
3505	which rock type have nama group formations?	  The Namaland Group is a sedimentary rock formation found in Namibia. It is composed of sandstone, siltstone, mudstone, and conglomerates.
3506	someone who founded rapid deployment joint task force also founded what government agency?	  The founder of the Rapid Deployment Joint Task Force founded the United States Central Command (CENTCOM), which is a unified combatant command of the U.S. Department of Defense.
3507	in the jönssonligan fictional universe, what language is used?	  In the Jönssonligan fictional universe, Swedish is the primary language used.
3508	stilb is used by what measurement system to show luminance units?	  The candela per square meter (cd/m2) measurement system uses nitstilb to show luminance units.
3509	which programming language was developed by sun microsystems, inc.?	  Java
3510	the 2005 nippon professional baseball season season is in what sports league championship?	  The 2005 Nippon Professional Baseball season is the championship of the Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) league.
3511	baldur's gate 2: throne of bhaal is played in which gameplay mode?	  The game is played in a single-player role-playing game (RPG) mode.
3512	the measurement system that has gauss unit has what unit of luminance?	  The gauss unit is not a unit of luminance. The unit of luminance is candela per square meter (cd/m2).
3513	pic16f84a is the processor family of what computer processor?	  The PIC16F84A is a microcontroller from the PIC microcontroller family developed by Microchip Technology. It is a low-cost, high-performance, 8-bit CMOS Flash-based microcontroller.
3514	which cricket match type has 1 innings per team ?	  A One Day International (ODI) match has one innings per team.
3515	what is the name of the artist on daddy?	  The artist on the song "Daddy" is Koffee.
3516	which organism has a height larger than62.0?	  Giraffes typically have a height of between 14.1 and 19.3 feet (4.3 to 5.9 meters).
3517	the peripheral snes mouse is supported by which gameplay mode in the video game?	  The peripheral SNES Mouse is supported by the Point-and-Click gameplay mode in the video game.
3518	yagyū shingan-ryū is practiced by what martial artists?	  Yagyū Shingan-ryū is practiced by martial artists in the Japanese martial art of Bujutsu. It is a koryū (ancient school) of martial arts founded by Yagyū Muneyoshi in the 16th century.
3519	what video games are under the post-apocalyptic fiction genre?	  1. Fallout 3 2. Metro 2033 3. The Last of Us 4. State of Decay 5. Wasteland 2 6. Mad Max 7. Rage 8. Borderlands 9. Dead Island 10. S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl
3520	on 2012-09-16, what election poll was released?	  On September 16, 2012, the results of a Gallup poll were released showing that President Barack Obama had a 5-point lead over Republican challenger Mitt Romney (49% to 44%) in the presidential election.
3521	name the public library sytem that has tonkawa public library central library.	  The public library system that has Tonkawa Public Library Central Library is the Northern Oklahoma Library System (NOLS).
3522	which unit profile is the si base unit of joules?	  The SI base unit of joules is the kilojoule (kJ).
3523	1067.0 gauge (mm) is part of what locomotive class?	  1067.0 gauge (mm) is part of the Iberian gauge locomotive class.
3524	metapost was used to write what software?	  Metapost is a programming language and drawing language used to create figures for publications, most notably in the TeX typesetting system.
3525	the unit gray per second is the absorbed does rate for what measurement system?	  The unit gray per second is an absorbed dose rate measurement system used in radiation dosimetry.
3526	what's the unit of length in the measurement system where radiance unit is watt per square metre per steradian.	  The unit of length in the measurement system where radiance unit is watt per square metre per steradian is metres (m).
3527	which rocket has height of 25.0?	  The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket has a height of 25.0 meters.
3528	what is the subject of millennium anxiety	  Millennium anxiety is a term used to describe the fear and uncertainty associated with the transition from the 20th century to the 21st century. It is related to the fear of the unknown and the potential for dramatic changes that could occur as a result of the transition. It can also refer to the anticipation of potential disasters that could occur due to the advancement of technology and the potential for global conflicts.
3529	sting symphonicity tour, wantagh was held where?	  The Sting Symphonicity tour in Wantagh was held at the Nikon at Jones Beach Theater.
3530	what schools highest grade taught is post graduate?	  Postgraduate education is typically offered by universities and colleges. Some of the most prestigious universities in the world offer postgraduate programs, such as Harvard University, Stanford University, the University of Oxford, and the University of Cambridge.
3531	anthropc is the species of which fictional character?	  Anthropc is not a real species. It is a fictional species created for the character Captain Marvel in the Marvel Comics universe.
3532	which video game engine developer developed a video game engine that is used for computer games neotokyo?	  The video game engine developer that developed the NeoTokyo game engine is Radiance Digital Entertainment.
3533	who was the periodical editor with a degree in biomedical science?	  The answer to this question is not known, as the specific periodical editor is not identified.
3534	joule per kelvin is used in what system of measurement?	  The joule per kelvin is used in the International System of Units (SI) for measuring energy and temperature.
3535	what is the unit of time in international system of units?	  The unit of time in the International System of Units (SI) is the second (s).
3536	how many ken collectible items are there?	  It is impossible to answer this question definitively as the number of Ken collectible items is constantly changing.
3537	which video game designer has designed both equinox and solar jetman: hunt for the golden warpship?	  The video game designer who created both Equinox and Solar Jetman: Hunt for the Golden Warpship is Martin Walker.
3538	the international system of units features what unit of molar heat capacity?	  The international system of units (SI) features the joule per mole (J/mol) as the unit of molar heat capacity.
3539	under the international system of units what is the unit of resistance?	  The unit of resistance in the International System of Units (SI) is the ohm (Ω).
3540	which unit of temperature has the smallest zero point in kelvin?	  The unit of temperature with the smallest zero point in Kelvin is the Rankine scale, which has a zero point of absolute zero (-459.67°F or 0°R).
3541	the drug that is semicircle shaped is called?	  There is no specific drug that is semicircle shaped.
3542	us customary unit are used to measure what units of mass?	  The US customary unit of mass is the pound (lb) and the ounce (oz).
3543	how many railway terminuses are terminuses of northern line?	  There are 28 railway terminuses that are part of the Northern Line in London.
3544	where would video games with a rating of usk 6 be located?	  Video games with a USK 6 rating would be located in the children's section of a video game store.
3545	which cancer center is a part of university of maryland school of medicine?	  The University of Maryland Marlene and Stewart Greenebaum Comprehensive Cancer Center is part of the University of Maryland School of Medicine.
3546	what is the subject of the radio sisterhood of hope?	  The subject of the Radio Sisterhood of Hope is to provide a platform for women to share their stories, experiences, and wisdom to help empower others.
3547	the hokusō line has how many railway terminus?	  The Hokusō Line has two railway terminuses: Nishi-Funabashi Station and Kashiwa Station.
3548	what is the unit of acceleration in the system which uses newtons as a unit of force?	  The unit of acceleration in a system that uses Newtons as a unit of force is meters per second squared (m/s^2).
3549	what sports team shares the same owner as the fc dallas?	  The FC Dallas and the NBA's Dallas Mavericks share the same owner, Mark Cuban.
3550	rybka belongs to what video game engine family?	  Rybka belongs to the Chessbase family of video game engines.
3551	who's the sibling of henry viii, the opera character?	  Henry VIII, the opera character, does not have a sibling.
3552	what is the video game rating whose rating system includes the content descriptor of horror?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) has a rating system that includes the content descriptor of horror. The rating for games with horror content is M (Mature).
3553	sauvignon blanc is what kind of wine style?	  Sauvignon Blanc is a dry, white wine style known for its crisp, herbal, and often grassy flavors.
3554	what lighthouses were constructed with granites?	  Many lighthouses were constructed with granite, including the Bodie Island Lighthouse in North Carolina, the Boston Light in Massachusetts, and the St. Simons Lighthouse in Georgia.
3555	which video games was supported by burnout?	  The Burnout series of video games includes Burnout, Burnout 2: Point of Impact, Burnout 3: Takedown, Burnout Revenge, Burnout Paradise, Burnout Crash!, and Burnout Legends.
3556	which celebrity has the most completed rehab stay at california substance abuse treatment facility and state prison, corcoran?	  The most famous celebrity to have completed a rehab stay at California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison, Corcoran is the rapper T.I. (Clifford Joseph Harris, Jr.).
3557	what is the number of electric locomotive classes built by nbl?	  There is no definitive answer to this question, as the number of electric locomotive classes built by NBL (North British Locomotive Company) is highly variable and dependent on the specific time period being considered.
3558	what manufactured drugs have a tear shape shape?	  There are no manufactured drugs that have a tear shape.
3559	what status has been assigned to alpine bikes ltd websites?	  The status of Alpine Bikes Ltd's website is "active."
3560	what game is ufo: enemy unknown based on?	  UFO: Enemy Unknown is based on the 1994 video game X-COM: UFO Defense.
3561	1.0 joules per kelvin is the measurement of what unit of heat capacity?	  The unit of heat capacity is joules per kelvin (J/K).
3562	which music artist was helped by amanda baker?	  Amanda Baker has not worked with any specific music artists.
3563	name the type of school that emerald ridge high school is?	  Emerald Ridge High School is a public secondary school.
3564	which video game developer is the developer of a video game mod that uses bigworld technology as the game engine?	  The video game mod that uses BigWorld Technology as the game engine is developed by Wargaming.net.
3565	according to the international system of units, what unit is used to represent absorbed dose rate?	  The unit used to represent absorbed dose rate in the International System of Units (SI) is gray per second (Gy/s).
3566	death's door is published by whom?	  Death's Door: The Truth Behind Wisconsin's Historic Prison is written by author Steve Koehn.
3567	name the wine that belongs to sonoma wines, and has 18.1 percentage of alcohol.	  Kendall-Jackson Vintner's Reserve Chardonnay
3568	the core text of christanity that is honored by sealing practitioners is called what?	  The Bible.
3569	the measurement system used by microsiemens includes what unit of frequency?	  Hertz (Hz).
3570	name the unit of time which has the smallest time in seconds.	  The smallest unit of time in seconds is a nanosecond, which is equal to one billionth of a second.
3571	what is the unit of speed for 1.0 meters per second?	  The unit of speed for 1.0 meters per second is meters per second (m/s).
3572	what aircraft designer creates an aircraft model with a minimum cost of <3>?	  There is no single aircraft designer who specializes in creating aircraft models with a minimum cost of $3. However, there are many companies that specialize in creating model aircraft kits that cost less than $3, such as Estes Rockets and Flite Test.
3573	western empress is which class of locomotive?	  The Western Empress is a type of 4-6-4 Hudson steam locomotive.
3574	in the measurement system international system of units, what is the unit of radioactivity?	  The unit of radioactivity in the International System of Units (SI) is the becquerel (Bq).
3575	what is the musical recording was created by drax & gooding?	  The musical recording created by Drax & Gooding is titled "The Sun".
3576	find the sports team that plays athletics.	  The athletics team that plays athletics is typically referred to as a track and field team.
3577	what is the video game engine used for tournament of legends?	  The game engine used for Tournament of Legends is the RenderWare engine.
3578	when using international system of units what is the measurement for the unit of molar volume?	  The unit of molar volume in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per mole (m3/mol).
3579	what producer produced the radio program on classical music?	  The producer of the radio program on classical music would depend on the specific program.
3580	how many contraindications are there for hydroxyzine pamoate?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of contraindications for hydroxyzine pamoate can vary depending on the individual's medical history and other factors. It is important to consult a healthcare provider before taking any medication.
3581	what geographical scope belongs to the conference series that is the subject of qa and testing on embedded systems?	  The geographical scope of the QA and Testing on Embedded Systems conference series is global.
3582	the name of the shortest film producer is?	  The shortest film producer is probably P.T. Anderson, who stands at 4'11".
3583	fine-art photography is a genre of which artwork?	  Fine art photography is a genre of visual art that uses photography as a medium to create images that evoke emotion, tell stories, and express ideas.
3584	which video game designer designed video game which is part of ivalice alliance?	  Hiroshi Minagawa is the video game designer responsible for the Ivalice Alliance series of video games.
3585	in imperial system of units, what unit is used to measure mass?	  The unit used to measure mass in the imperial system of units is the pound (lb).
3586	what is the organism which has a height larger than 1.5?	  Giraffes are the organism with a height larger than 1.5 meters.
3587	znso4 is used as the active ingredient in which category of drug formulation?	  Zinc sulfate is used as an active ingredient in antifungal drug formulations.
3588	the wd austerity 2-8-0 was built by what locomotive builder?	  The WD Austerity 2-8-0 locomotive was built by the North British Locomotive Company.
3589	which conference series has the subject knowledge technology ?	  The International Conference on Knowledge and Technology (ICKT) is a conference series that focuses on the subject of knowledge technology.
3590	which space crafts are made by a army division?	  The U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command (SMDC) has developed a number of space-based systems and technologies, including the Space-Based Infrared System (SBIRS), the Wideband Global Satcom (WGS), and the Joint Tactical Ground Station (JTAGS).
3591	128000.0 is the milage of what privately owned vehicle?	  This question cannot be answered because it does not provide enough information.
3592	ecce homo belong to which visual art genre?	  Ecce Homo is a painting by the Spanish artist Francisco de Goya, and it belongs to the genre of portraiture.
3593	politico/gwu, 2012 presidential election, 2012-10-01 is from what poll respondent category?	  The 2012-10-01 poll respondent category would be likely voters.
3594	what was the most recently broadcast radio program?	  The answer to this question will depend on the radio station.
3595	the wii shop supports what video game platform?	  The Wii Shop supports the Nintendo Wii video game platform.
3596	ford dearborn manufacturing plant is the location of the manufacturing plant for which automobile generation?	  The Ford Dearborn Manufacturing Plant is the location of the manufacturing plant for the Ford F-150 pickup truck.
3597	what musical game requires styluses to play?	  The game is called Music Studio, and it requires styluses to play.
3598	the xbox live community game distributes which video game version?	  Xbox Live Community Games are available as digital downloads for Xbox 360 and Xbox One consoles. The games are developed by independent developers and feature a wide variety of genres and styles.
3599	how many music video directors come out of the australia?	  It is difficult to estimate how many music video directors come out of Australia, as there is no definitive figure available. However, according to the Australian Directors Guild, there are over 500 professional directors of music videos in Australia.
3600	in which unit of exposure, exposure in coulombs per kilogram is 1.0?	  Coulombs per kilogram is a unit of absorbed radiation dose, sometimes referred to as the Gray (Gy).
3601	what private company limited by shares is the theater company that produced choir boy?	  The theater company that produced Choir Boy is Jujamcyn Theaters, Inc., a private company limited by shares.
3602	can you tell me the unit of meter?	  The unit of meter is meters (m).
3603	what unit does the centimetre–gram–second system of units use to denote speed?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units uses metres per second (m/s) to denote speed.
3604	what is the name of the producer that created the radio program on crime?	  The producer of the radio program on crime is Martin Kasey.
3605	what is the railway with a length of 11.0?	  The 11.0-mile railway is likely a stretch of track that is part of a larger railway system.
3606	find video games whose genre is rpg.	  1. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim 2. Final Fantasy VII 3. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt 4. Dragon Age: Inquisition 5. Persona 5 6. Mass Effect 2 7. Dark Souls 8. Fallout 4 9. Pillars of Eternity 10. Divinity: Original Sin 2
3607	games developed by sonicteam and distributed through sonic cafe released where?	  SonicTeam and Sonic Cafe games were released primarily through the Sega Saturn console in Japan.
3608	which type of fictional setting includes the archipelago of meridian?	  The fictional setting of the archipelago of Meridian is a fantasy setting.
3609	reggae music is available to listen on which radio station?	  Reggae music can be heard on many radio stations around the world. Some popular stations that play reggae music include BBC Radio 1Xtra, KCRW's Reggae Central, and Radio Reggae Nation.
3610	name some video games who are part of the genre top-down.	  1. Grand Theft Auto 2 2. Streets of Rage 3. The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past 4. Hotline Miami 5. Super Mario Bros. 3 6. Gauntlet 7. Diablo 8. Alien Swarm 9. Nuclear Throne 10. Enter the Gungeon
3611	which serial installment has a number greater than 1?	  Any serial installment that has more than one installment, such as a television series, movie franchise, or book series, would have a number greater than 1.
3612	find locomotive class whose maximum speed is 177.0.	  The locomotive class is the EMD F7.
3613	which domestic animal has the same breed as gidget chipperton?	  Gidget Chipperton is a breed of Chihuahua.
3614	what is the unit of a measurement system whose volumetric heat capacity units is joule per cubic metre per kelvin?	  The unit of the measurement system is Joules per cubic metre Kelvin (J/m3K).
3615	name the rail gauges of the locomotive class of british rail class 50?	  The rail gauges of the British Rail Class 50 locomotive class are Standard Gauge (4ft 8 1/2in) and Broad Gauge (7ft 0 1/4in).
3616	what was the name of the video game that influenced panic?	  The video game that is said to have influenced Panic is the 1983 text-based adventure game Zork.
3617	sex is part of the content description under what video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) rating system includes a "Mature" rating that indicates content with strong sexual themes, references, or innuendo.
3618	what data transmission rate unit produces the tiniest bit rate per second?	  The smallest data transmission rate unit is bits per second (bps).
3619	what is the theatrical lyricist that wrote make me a song?	  The theatrical lyricist who wrote "Make Me a Song" is William Finn.
3620	bahamas is the jurisdiction of which governmental body?	  The Bahamas is a sovereign nation and is governed by the Parliament of The Bahamas.
3621	of theater companies that are a private company limited by shares, which produced untitled matriarch play?	  Unfortunately, there are no theater companies that are a private company limited by shares that have produced an untitled matriarch play.
3622	what are the ratings in the tigrs video game rating system?	  The TIGRS video game rating system uses a five-star rating system, with five stars being the highest rating. The ratings are as follows:  1 Star: Poor 2 Stars: Fair 3 Stars: Average 4 Stars: Good 5 Stars: Excellent
3623	density in teslas is 0.0001 in which unit of magnetic flux density?	  The unit of magnetic flux density is Tesla (T).
3624	what is the number of engines for ue2?	  The UE2 has two engines.
3625	tennis courts is the feature of which accommodation?	  Tennis courts are a common feature of hotels, resorts, and other types of accommodation.
3626	locate the genomic locus on the chromosome y (human).	  The genomic locus for human chromosome Y is Yq11.2.
3627	which medical specialty deals with the associated diseases or conditions of maturity onset diabetes of the young?	  Endocrinology is the medical specialty that deals with the associated diseases or conditions of maturity onset diabetes of the young.
3628	in the measurement system with volumetric heat capacity units as joule per cubic metre per kelvin, what is the unit of acceleration?	  The unit of acceleration in the measurement system with volumetric heat capacity units as joule per cubic metre per kelvin is metres per second squared (m/s2).
3629	what text serves as the core of pure land and is honored by sagan practitioners?	  The core text of Pure Land Buddhism is the Amitabha Sutra, which is also known as the Smaller Sukhavati-Vyuha. This sutra is honored by Pure Land practitioners as it outlines the teachings of Amitabha Buddha and his Pure Land, Sukhavati. It is also the source of the famous mantra, “Namo Amituofo”, which is said to be the gateway to the Pure Land.
3630	which measurement system was decisecond used as luminance unit?	  Decisecond was used as a luminance unit in the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) measurement system.
3631	alpha-ketoglutaric acid is used as the active ingredient in which category of drug formulation?	  Alpha-ketoglutaric acid is used in the formulation of antifungal drugs.
3632	which sports league draft is affiliated with a sports league draft pick of marlins baseball?	  The Miami Marlins are part of Major League Baseball (MLB), so the MLB Draft is the affiliated draft pick for the Marlins.
3633	the genres analytics and business intelligence are part of which software/	technology category?  These two genres are part of the Business Intelligence (BI) software/technology category. BI software is used to analyze data and generate insights to help businesses make better decisions and optimize processes. It includes tools such as data warehouses, data mining, data visualization, dashboards, analytics, and reporting.
3634	north dallas rehabilitation hospital has what medical specialties?	  North Dallas Rehabilitation Hospital offers a wide range of medical specialties, including physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech-language pathology, orthopedics, neurology, cardiopulmonary, wound care, and pain management.
3635	gameline supports which video game platform?	  Gameline supports the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) and Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) platforms.
3636	the platform microsoft windows includes what video games?	  Microsoft Windows includes a variety of popular video games, such as Age of Empires, Minecraft, Forza Motorsport, Gears of War, Halo, and many more.
3637	planck charge is a charge unit of which measurement system?	  The Planck charge is a unit of measurement in the natural units system.
3638	which computer processor family has a variant of atmega16a?	  The Atmel AVR family of processors includes a variant of the Atmega16A.
3639	which video games did big sky series support?	  Big Sky Series supported the following video games:   1. World of Warcraft  2. Overwatch  3. Apex Legends  4. League of Legends  5. Counter Strike: Global Offensive  6. PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds  7. Fortnite  8. Rainbow Six Siege  9. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare  10. Minecraft
3640	find tournaments that have women's field hockey	  1. 2020 Women's Field Hockey Olympic Qualifier 2. 2019 Women's Field Hockey World Cup 3. 2019 Women's Field Hockey Champions Trophy 4. 2019 Women's Field Hockey Pan American Cup 5. 2020 Women's Field Hockey Junior World Cup 6. 2020 Women's Field Hockey Pro League 7. 2020 Women's Field Hockey Nations Cup 8. 2020 Women's Field Hockey Africa Cup of Nations 9. 2020 Women's Field Hockey EuroHockey Championships 10. 2020 Women's Field Hockey Asia Cup
3641	selegiline has been tested for in which medical trial?	  Selegiline has been tested in medical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease, major depressive disorder, and Alzheimer's disease.
3642	the paul and the legacies of paul was a part of which conference proceedings?	  The Paul and the Legacies of Paul was a part of the 2019 Society of Biblical Literature Annual Meeting.
3643	cubic meters per second is the same measurement system as which unit of energy?	  Cubic meters per second is a unit of volumetric flow rate and is not associated with a unit of energy.
3644	how does atomic units measure length?	  Atomic units measure length in terms of the Bohr radius, which is equal to 0.52917720859 angstroms, or 0.05291772 nanometers. This is the distance between the nucleus and the outermost electron in a hydrogen atom.
3645	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 96.0?	  Giraffe
3646	what is the video game engine used for fractal?	  Fractal is a game developed in the Unity engine.
3647	cd / m2 are the luminance units belong to which measurement system?	  The luminance units of cd/m2 belong to the International System of Units (SI).
3648	what basketball team located in atlantic sun?	  The University of North Florida Ospreys men's basketball team is located in the Atlantic Sun Conference.
3649	how many units of length are there in the international system of units?	  There are seven base units of length in the International System of Units (SI): meter (m), kilogram (kg), second (s), ampere (A), kelvin (K), mole (mol), and candela (cd).
3650	the measurement system with volumetric heat capacity units joule per cubic metre per kelvin belongs to what unit of acceleration?	  This measurement system does not belong to a unit of acceleration.
3651	name the conference venue for first zionist congress.	  The first Zionist Congress was held in Basel, Switzerland in 1897.
3652	which ship builder is responsible for having built uss nautilus?	  The Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation built the USS Nautilus.
3653	who are the comic book characters appearing in 24 seconds who were created by chris?	  1. Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) 2. Spider-Woman (Jessica Drew) 3. Ms. Marvel (Kamala Khan) 4. She-Hulk (Jennifer Walters) 5. War Machine (James Rhodes) 6. Moon Knight (Marc Spector) 7. Black Widow (Natasha Romanoff) 8. Iron Man (Tony Stark) 9. Hawkeye (Clint Barton) 10. The Vision (Victor Shade)
3654	what is aasif karim's handedness batting style?	  Aasif Karim is a left-handed batsman. He is known for his aggressive batting style, which includes attacking shots and quick running between the wickets.
3655	nudity is a content descriptor of what video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) rating system includes a descriptor for nudity.
3656	amount of substance is measured in what unit in international system of units?	  The amount of substance is measured in moles (mol) in the International System of Units (SI).
3657	mega man: the power battle is included in which video game compilation?	  Mega Man: The Power Battle is included in the Mega Man Anniversary Collection, which is a compilation of eight classic Mega Man games released for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube.
3658	what time zome has a dst offset from utc and is more than 5.0?	  The time zone that has a DST offset from UTC and is more than 5.0 is the Indian Standard Time (IST) zone, which has an offset of 5:30.
3659	in bethel home, what are the religious practices?	  The religious practices at Bethel Home vary depending on the denomination of the home. Generally, Bethel Home will offer services such as Bible study, prayer, worship, and fellowship. Additional activities may include retreats, mission trips, and other spiritual activities.
3660	on 2010-08, which lost work was lost?	  The work that was lost due to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in April 2010.
3661	what automotive classes of pontiac parisienne had been modeled after the 2014 ford focus?	  There were no automotive classes of Pontiac Parisienne modeled after the 2014 Ford Focus. The Pontiac Parisienne was a full-size sedan produced by General Motors from 1983 to 1986.
3662	patent office museum owns what kind of locomotive?	  The United States Patent and Trademark Office Museum in Alexandria, Virginia owns a Baldwin Locomotive Works 2-6-0 steam locomotive, built in 1920.
3663	whay are the names of the football leagues that are in the same football league system with conference premier?	  The football leagues that are in the same football league system as the Conference Premier are:   1. National League  2. National League North  3. National League South  4. Isthmian League Premier Division  5. Northern Premier League Premier Division  6. Southern League Premier Division  7. Northern League Division One  8. Southern League Division One Central  9. Southern League Division One South & West
3664	rayman is a version of which video game?	  Rayman is a platform video game series developed and published by Ubisoft. The series focuses on the eponymous protagonist, a magical being known as a Rayman, who must save his world from various villains.
3665	who developed the video game mod that uses the game engine quake 3 engine?	  id Software developed the video game mod that uses the Quake 3 engine.
3666	1.0 joules per kelvin is equal to what unit of heat capacity?	  The unit of heat capacity is joules per kelvin (J/K).
3667	when it comes to a star wars: the complete saga what is the number of collectible items included?	  There are over 1,000 collectible items included in the Star Wars: The Complete Saga.
3668	which theater has the largest seating capacity?	  The Fox Theatre in Detroit, Michigan has the largest seating capacity at 5,174 seats.
3669	which video game distribution system uses pagseguro as payment system?	  There is no specific video game distribution system that uses PagSeguro as its payment system. PagSeguro is a payment gateway that is used by many different online stores, including some video game distributors.
3670	heathrow international airport is the city of focus for which airline?	  Heathrow International Airport is the main hub for British Airways.
3671	what text serves as the core of jehovah's witness and is honored by family home evening practitioners?	  The core text of Jehovah's Witnesses is the Bible, which is also honored by family home evening practitioners.
3672	what video game was expansion of mask of the betrayer?	  Mask of the Betrayer was an expansion pack for the role-playing video game Neverwinter Nights 2.
3673	which composition form is the super form of harp concerto?	  There is no "super form" of a harp concerto. A harp concerto is an instrumental composition for a solo harp accompanied by an orchestra.
3674	what is the name of the version released in north american continent that supports microsoft xbox 360?	  The North American version of the Xbox 360 is called the Xbox 360 S, also known as the Xbox 360 Slim.
3675	what cheese from the british state has the same texture as alpine shepherd?	  Cheddar cheese is the most similar in texture to Alpine Shepherd cheese.
3676	what's the status of the websites owned by himanshu suri?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing which websites are owned by Himanshu Suri.
3677	sam is which olympic game's mascot?	  Sam the Olympic Eagle is the mascot of the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games.
3678	ohm centimeter is the resistivity unit of which measurement system?	  The ohm-centimeter is the resistivity unit of the International System of Units (SI).
3679	which buildings have 10 floors?	  1. The Woolworth Building in New York City 2. The Chrysler Building in New York City 3. The Empire State Building in New York City 4. The John Hancock Center in Chicago 5. The Bank of America Plaza in Atlanta 6. The Comcast Center in Philadelphia 7. The US Bank Tower in Los Angeles 8. The Wells Fargo Center in Minneapolis 9. The JPMorgan Chase Tower in Houston 10. The Transamerica Pyramid in San Francisco
3680	which rocket engines can thrust 742252.0?	  The SpaceX Merlin engine is capable of producing up to 742252.0 pounds of thrust.
3681	which podcast feed was published on 2010-09-22t21:57:22z?	  It is not possible to answer this question without more information about the podcast feed in question.
3682	linux operating system is part of what conference series?	  The Linux operating system is part of the Linux Foundation's annual LinuxCon and CloudOpen conferences.
3683	what treatment medically is contraindication for hydroxyzine pamoate?	  Hydroxyzine pamoate is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to hydroxyzine or any of its components. It is also contraindicated in patients with narrow-angle glaucoma, and in those with a history of seizures.
3684	56.0 is the mean wind speed for which beaufort wind force?	  Beaufort wind force 8 (Fresh Breeze).
3685	what genre category does the video game zavas fall in?	  Zavas is an action-adventure game.
3686	joule per kilogram is used in what measurement system as energy units?	  The joule per kilogram is an SI unit of energy, and is used in the International System of Units (SI).
3687	nu metal is played on which radio station?	  Nu metal is not typically played on the radio. It is more common to find it on streaming services such as Spotify or Apple Music.
3688	the oldest architect is whom?	  The oldest known architect is Imhotep, who lived in Egypt around 2600 BCE.
3689	what language writing system has a type of writing that is also the type of writing of canadian aboriginal syllabics?	  The language writing system with a type of writing similar to Canadian Aboriginal Syllabics is the Cree syllabics writing system.
3690	which unit of charge is used in the measurement system that includes the luminous flux units of lm?	  The unit of charge used in the measurement system that includes the luminous flux units of lm is the coulomb (C).
3691	what defunct time zone is closest to utc?	  The British Double Summer Time Zone (BDST) is the closest defunct time zone to UTC. It was used in the UK and Ireland from 1968 to 1971.
3692	name the oxidizer of the bipropellant rocket engine with the greatest diameter	  Liquid Oxygen (LOX)
3693	for cameras with camera iso capability high iso auto, what camera image stabilization type is used?	  Most cameras with high ISO auto capability use optical image stabilization, which uses gyroscopic sensors to detect and compensate for camera shake.
3694	how many comic book writers are also professional television directors?	  It is difficult to answer this question as there is no definitive list or database of comic book writers who are also professional television directors.
3695	which is the wine that belongs to sonoma wines, has 14.9 percentage of alcohol?	  The wine that belongs to Sonoma Wines with 14.9% alcohol is Sonoma Wines Pinot Noir.
3696	cbs broadcasting contains what?	  CBS Broadcasting includes a variety of programming, such as news, sports, entertainment, and reality television. It also offers a wide range of syndicated programs and films.
3697	the tai tham alphabet refers to which language writing type?	  The Tai Tham alphabet is used to write the Tai languages, which are spoken in Myanmar (Burma) and Thailand.
3698	the japanese units of measurement incorpates how many units of length?	  There are four main units of length in the Japanese system of measurement: shaku, sun, ken, and rin.
3699	what is the unit of molar volume in international system of units?	  The unit of molar volume in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per mole (m3/mol).
3700	who built the cva-59?	  The USS Lake Champlain (CVA-59) was built by the New York Naval Shipyard in Brooklyn, New York.
3701	artist dave eggar features on which soundtrack?	  Dave Eggar has featured on the soundtracks of several films, including The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Social Network.
3702	what video game version have been released in pal?	  Many popular video game titles have been released in PAL format, including the Super Mario Bros. series, the Sonic the Hedgehog series, the Grand Theft Auto series, the Call of Duty series, the Halo series, the Legend of Zelda series, the Pokemon series, the Resident Evil series, the Final Fantasy series, and many more.
3703	what is the business operation of microfinance?	  Microfinance is a type of banking service that provides small loans, savings and other banking services to low-income individuals and businesses. It is often used to help people in developing countries start or expand small businesses, build assets, and improve their standard of living. Microfinance services are typically provided by specialized microfinance institutions, non-governmental organizations, and other financial service providers.
3704	who's the tallest disaster survivor?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on the individual survivors.
3705	what gameplay mode does the sims 2: freetime provide?	  The Sims 2: Freetime provides the "Hobbies" gameplay mode. This mode allows players to select a hobby for their Sims to pursue and earn rewards for their progress. Players can also join hobby-related clubs, participate in competitions, and build relationships with other Sims who share the same hobby.
3706	what was zelda ii: the adventure of link influential on?	  Zelda II: The Adventure of Link was influential on a number of different video game genres, including action-adventure games, role-playing games, and platformers. It was also a major influence on the aesthetics and design of future Zelda games, as well as other Nintendo franchises such as Super Mario Bros. and Metroid.
3707	i am alive uses what type of video game engine?	  There is no single video game engine that is used for the game "I Am Alive". The game was developed using a custom game engine.
3708	how many exhibitions were made by the plymouth historical museum?	  It is not possible to answer this question with certainty as the Plymouth Historical Museum does not provide specific numbers of exhibitions it has created.
3709	what measurement system has a luminous flux units of lm?	  The International System of Units (SI) has a luminous flux unit of lm (lumen).
3710	the subject alternate reality is in what radio programs?	  Radio programs that explore alternate realities can be found in the genres of science fiction, fantasy, horror, and paranormal. Some popular radio programs that explore alternate realities include The Twilight Zone Radio Dramas, The X-Files: Cold Cases, and The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
3711	what contains fluid ounce (imperial) as volume unit?	  Fluid ounce (imperial) is often used as a volume unit for measuring liquids such as water, milk, juice, beer, and other beverages. It is also used to measure other liquids such as cooking oil and vinegar. It is also used to measure ingredients in recipes, such as flour, sugar, and spices.
3712	what meteorite's mass is less or equal to 6400.0?	  The NWA 11119 meteorite has a mass of 6400.0 grams.
3713	name the camera uncompressed format of the pentax k110d.	  The Pentax K110D supports the RAW (PEF) format for uncompressed image capture.
3714	what tennis tournament did katarina win?	  Katarina won the French Open in 2016.
3715	12 is the typical age minimum for which grade level?	  Grade 7.
3716	the shape of irregular galaxies is had been which galaxy code?	  Irregular galaxies are usually identified by the Hubble classification code I.
3717	locate the planet that has the lowest orbital order.	  The planet with the lowest orbital order is Mercury, which is the closest planet to the Sun.
3718	the rocket engines of space shuttle main engines is powered by which rocket engine fuel?	  The Space Shuttle Main Engines (SSMEs) are powered by liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen.
3719	in the international system of units is this included of the data transmission speed units of the measurement system?	  No, data transmission speed is not included in the International System of Units (SI). The SI unit of data transfer rate is the bit per second (bps).
3720	what business operation does all other motor vehicle parts manufacturing pertain to?	  The business operation that all other motor vehicle parts manufacturing pertains to is manufacturing.
3721	the maximum amount of moles is found in which unit of amount of substance?	  Moles are measured in moles (mol), which is the SI unit for amount of substance.
3722	gray per second is used by what unit of pressure?	  The gray per second is not a unit of pressure. It is a unit of absorbed dose, which is the measure of energy absorbed by a material per unit mass.
3723	what is the name of the largest unit of frequency in terms of hertz?	  The largest unit of frequency in terms of hertz is the exahertz (EHz), which is equal to 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 hertz.
3724	in what measurement system is the lunar distance unit used?	  The lunar distance unit is used in the astronomical unit (AU) measurement system.
3725	which rail gauge has the minimum width 1435.0?	  The 1435.0 mm rail gauge is known as the Irish gauge and is used in Ireland, Northern Ireland, and parts of Australia.
3726	wii ware, which is developed by telltale games, was released where?	  Wii Ware was released on the Nintendo Wii in 2008.
3727	what is the name of the gameplay mode that supports the peripheral nintendo gamecube controller in the video game?	  The gameplay mode is called "GameCube Controller Mode" and is supported by the Nintendo GameCube controller.
3728	name the engine with a horsepower of 372.0.	  Ford 5.4L V8
3729	when measuring the plane angle which unit of measurement belongs in the same measuring system as joule per kelvin?	  Degrees Celsius.
3730	the mol is the amount of substance unit in which measurement system?	  The mole is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
3731	which video game engine family does komodo belong to?	  Komodo does not belong to a specific game engine family. It is a proprietary game development suite developed by Australian game studio, Power of 2.
3732	which rocket is manufactured by the chrysler llc and supports equatorial low earth orbit?	  The Falcon 9 rocket manufactured by SpaceX, a company founded by Elon Musk, supports equatorial low Earth orbit.
3733	name an organism that weighs less than 270.0	g  House mouse (Mus musculus)
3734	what is the number of exhibitions produced by george eastman house international museum of photography and film?	  The George Eastman House International Museum of Photography and Film produces over 100 exhibitions each year.
3735	how would you classify radio shows with the subject of alternate reality?	  Fantasy/Sci-Fi Radio Shows
3736	7 is usually the age of students in what grade level?	  7th grade
3737	1.0 kilogram per cubic center falls under what unit of density?	  Kilograms per cubic meter.
3738	rob elam designed which video game?	  Rob Elam is best known for designing the classic video game "Missile Command" for Atari in 1980.
3739	what medical trial design using postmenopausal hormone therapy in unstable angina has the lowest number of expected total enrollment?	  The lowest number of expected total enrollment for a medical trial design using postmenopausal hormone therapy in unstable angina would likely be a randomized controlled trial (RCT). RCTs typically have smaller sample sizes than other trial designs, typically ranging from 20 participants to several hundred.
3740	what is the number of defunct teams that play the same sport as teams in the 1930 yugoslav football championship?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the exact number of defunct teams that played the same sport as teams in the 1930 Yugoslav Football Championship is unknown.
3741	what is the file format that was extended from html file format ?	  The file format that was extended from HTML is XHTML (Extensible Hypertext Markup Language).
3742	southpaw is a stance of what boxer?	  Southpaw is a stance used by left-handed boxers.
3743	what gameplay mode is the video game that supports the peripheral r.o.b.?	  The game that supports the R.O.B. peripheral is Gyromite, and the gameplay mode is a two-player cooperative puzzle-solving game.
3744	which multipart television show is about the subject of roomates?	  The show Friends is about the subject of roommates.
3745	name the conference that was held at qatar national convention centre.	  The 10th World Petroleum Congress was held at the Qatar National Convention Centre in December 2016.
3746	cjcb is owned by which radio station?	  CJCB is owned by Maritime Broadcasting System, a private radio broadcasting company based in Nova Scotia, Canada.
3747	what is the number of concerts that were performed at teatro verdi?	  It is not possible to answer this question as it depends on the period of time being considered.
3748	kilometre per hour is the speed unit used in which measurement system?	  The metric system.
3749	the largest gauge (mm) is used by which steam locomotive class?	  The largest gauge used by steam locomotives is 762 mm (30 inches), which was used by the Union Pacific Big Boy steam locomotive class.
3750	how many game compilations are in the genre of light gun?	  There are currently over 40 light gun game compilations available.
3751	which platform for video games has fun school 4: for 5 to 7 year olds?	  The best platform for Fun School 4: For 5 to 7 Year Olds is the Nintendo Switch. It is a great platform for kids to play games, as it has a wide variety of titles that are tailored to their age group. The Switch also has parental control options to help keep your kids safe when playing online.
3752	what fictional object is at sanctuary stepsons' barracks?	  The fictional object at Sanctuary Stepsons' Barracks is a magical shield called the Aegis of Sanctuary. It is said to be able to protect against any magical attack and is guarded by the Stepsons at all times.
3753	waldi is what olympic game's mascot?	  Waldi the Dachshund was the official mascot of the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany.
3754	which tournament competitor has the largest weight?	  The tournament competitor with the largest weight depends on the type of tournament. In a weightlifting tournament, the competitor with the largest weight would be the one who lifts the most weight. In a golf tournament, the competitor with the largest weight would be the one with the longest drive.
3755	the drug mechanism of action of drugs with physiologic effect anaesthesia is what?	  The drug mechanism of action of drugs with physiologic effect anaesthesia is to block nerve signals from the brain to the body, thus reducing the sensation of pain and producing a state of unconsciousness.
3756	aurora engine is proceeded by which video game engine?	  The Aurora Engine is preceded by BioWare's Infinity Engine, which was used to power classic role-playing games such as Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale.
3757	what is us patent 6794370 known as in its manufactured drug form?	  This patent is known as the "Method of Treating Hypercholesterolemia With Cholesterol Absorption Inhibitors" in its manufactured drug form.
3758	the unit of luminance in the measurement system the cantains gauss is called what?	  The unit of luminance in the gaussian system of measurement is called the candela per square meter (cd/m2).
3759	what is the name of the astronomical discovery that is associated with félix aguilar observatory and has a discovery site of carlos u. cesco astronomical station?	  The astronomical discovery associated with the Felix Aguilar Observatory and the Carlos U. Cesco Astronomical Station is the asteroid (5148) Cesco.
3760	what's the name of the radio episode about the jalal al-din rumi?	  The episode is called "The Poet Who Changed the World: Jalal al-Din Rumi."
3761	a rectangles shape drug is what manufactured drug?	  There is no such thing as a "rectangles shape drug."
3762	who produced the radio program on mt everest?	  The radio program on Mount Everest was produced by the BBC World Service.
3763	the catalytic concentration unit katal per cubic metre is used by which measurement system?	  The catalytic concentration unit katal per cubic metre is used by the International System of Units (SI).
3764	the designer of the slowest roller coaster at tusenfryd is who?	  The designer of the slowest roller coaster at Tusenfryd is Intamin.
3765	rhododendron aureum leaf is used by what drug formulation category as an active ingredient?	  Rhododendron aureum leaf is not commonly used as an active ingredient in drug formulations.
3766	what unit of energy is of the same measurement system as cubic meters per second?	  Joules (J)
3767	what railways make up the lisbon cascais railway?	  The Lisbon Cascais Railway is composed of two lines: the Linha de Cascais (Cascais Line) and the Linha de Sintra (Sintra Line). The Linha de Cascais runs along the coast from Lisbon to Cascais, while the Linha de Sintra runs inland from Lisbon to Sintra. Both lines are operated by Comboios de Portugal (CP), the Portuguese national railway.
3768	how many unites of specific heat capacity in the international system of units are there?	  There is only one unit of specific heat capacity in the International System of Units (SI), which is joules per kilogram kelvin (J/kg·K).
3769	which video games did umihara kawase support?	  Umihara Kawase was released for the Super Famicom, PlayStation, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, and Nintendo Switch.
3770	which tv episode has an episode number of 1825?	  This question is impossible to answer without more information, such as the name of the TV show.
3771	what is the grand ole opry about?	  The Grand Ole Opry is a weekly country music stage concert in Nashville, Tennessee, founded on November 28, 1925. It is the longest running radio broadcast in US history, and is considered the home of American country music. It features a mix of famous singers, up-and-coming artists, and country music legends, and is broadcast live on radio, television, and online.
3772	what has worldofwarcraft influenced?	  World of Warcraft has had a significant influence on the gaming industry in many ways. It has been credited with popularizing the massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) genre, as well as helping to establish the popularity of PC gaming in general. The game has also been used as a platform for social networking, with players forming communities and guilds to play and discuss the game. Additionally, World of Warcraft has also been used as a platform for educational activities, such as teaching players about different cultures, languages, and history.
3773	what system of measurement is used for the volume flow rate for cubic meters per second	  The system of measurement used for the volume flow rate is cubic meters per second (m3/s).
3774	pulseman can be classified under what genre of video games?	  Pulseman is a side-scrolling action-platformer video game.
3775	joule per kelvin is the heat capacity unit in which measurement system?	  The joule per kelvin is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
3776	what is the radio format with stations of wbul-fm and format of wnnf?	  Wbul-FM is a classic hits radio station that plays a variety of music from the 60s, 70s, and 80s. Wnnf is a classic rock radio station that plays a variety of classic rock from the 60s, 70s, and 80s.
3777	which video games have the same soundtrack as soul nomad & the world eaters?	  There are no other video games that share the same soundtrack as Soul Nomad & the World Eaters.
3778	what is the conference series that focuses on vericon?	  The Vericon Conference Series is an annual conference series hosted by Harvard University that focuses on topics related to computer science, robotics, and artificial intelligence.
3779	the alendronate and/or parathyroid hormone for osteoporosis trial is in which medical trial design?	  This trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
3780	1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin equals which unit of volumetric heat capacity?	  The unit of volumetric heat capacity is joules per cubic meter per kelvin (J/m3K).
3781	what is the book that is first published?	  The first book ever published is the Gutenberg Bible, which was printed in 1455.
3782	what unit of speed is in the same measurement system as cd/ m2?	  Meters per second (m/s).
3783	centisecond was used as luminace unit for what type of measurement system?	  The centisecond was used as a luminance unit in the American National Television System Committee (NTSC) system of measurement for television and video signals.
3784	what video game engine did tim gilberts develop?	  Tim Gilberts developed the Unreal Engine, a game engine developed by Epic Games.
3785	what is the unit of specific heat capacity in the measurement system which uses megapascal for pressure?	  The unit of specific heat capacity in the megapascal measurement system is Joules per kilogram Kelvin (J/kg·K).
3786	storm seed has what events appear?	  The events that appear in Storm Seed are:   1. Thunderstorms  2. Hailstorms  3. Floods  4. Tornadoes  5. Hurricanes  6. Blizzards  7. Ice Storms  8. Heat Waves  9. Drought  10. Wildfires
3787	which video host service has durations shorter than 1384.0?	  YouTube has a maximum video length of 12 hours, which is shorter than 1384.0 minutes.
3788	where will the thirteenth un crime congress - doha 2015 conference be held?	  The Thirteenth UN Crime Congress - Doha 2015 Conference will be held in Doha, Qatar.
3789	what density unit has 1.0 amperes per square meter?	  The density unit with 1.0 amperes per square meter is the ampere per square meter (A/m²).
3790	what months do the first 11 days of the year lie in?	  The first 11 days of the year lie in January.
3791	what aviation incident happened on 2009-05-03?	  On 2009-05-03, Air France Flight 447 crashed into the Atlantic Ocean en route from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil to Paris, France. All 228 people on board were killed.
3792	what measurement system is newton per metre used as the unit for surface tension?	  The Newton per metre (N/m) is used as the unit for surface tension in the SI (International System of Units) measurement system.
3793	what video game version has the latest release date?	  The latest video game release date depends on the game in question. Generally speaking, the most recently released video game titles are those that are available on current-generation consoles, such as the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and PC.
3794	which streams have a bit rate of 39?	  There is no single answer to this question, as different streaming services offer different bit rates. Some streaming services, such as Spotify and Apple Music, offer a bit rate of up to 320 kbps, while others, such as Pandora and YouTube, offer a bit rate of up to 39 kbps.
3795	which programming language is influenced by modula-3 and used by cyn.in?	  Python is the programming language that is influenced by Modula-3 and used by Cyn.in.
3796	all, or the greatest part of men that have aspired to riches or power, have attained thereunto either by force or fraud, and what they have by craft or cruelty gained, to cover the foulness of their fact, they call purchase, as a name more honest. howsoever, he that for want of will or wit useth not those means, must rest in servitude and poverty. is a quote from what subject?	  This quote is from the subject of political philosophy.
3797	which radio episode was about angola 3?	  The episode was called "The Angola 3: Black Panthers and the Last Slave Plantation" and was part of the show This American Life.
3798	what is the beer style with the largest low value srm range?	  The beer style with the largest low value SRM range is American Light Lager, which has an SRM range of 2-4.
3799	techcrunch disrupt is considered what type of conference?	  TechCrunch Disrupt is a technology conference series organized by the technology news website TechCrunch. It is a showcase for revolutionary startups, game-changing technologies and thought-provoking conversations.
3800	the british royal coat of arms has how many heraldic crests?	  The British Royal Coat of Arms has four heraldic crests.
3801	what radio program episode was first aired on 2011-08-22?	  The episode of the radio program that first aired on 2011-08-22 would depend on the specific radio program.
3802	what amount of comic book writers have a profession of actors?	  It is difficult to estimate the exact number of comic book writers who have a profession of actors, as there is no definitive list of such individuals. However, some notable comic book writers who have also acted include Stan Lee, Jeph Loeb, and Mark Millar.
3803	trans-siberian railway is part of what rail network?	  The Trans-Siberian Railway is part of the Trans-Siberian Railway Network, which is a network of railways connecting Moscow to the Russian Far East and the Sea of Japan.
3804	the sims: livin' large is an expansion of what video game?	  The Sims.
3805	what is the unit that represents 1.0 grams per mole?	  The unit that represents 1.0 gram per mole is the mole (mol).
3806	what fuel economy unit has economy less than 0.01 litres per kilometre?	  There is no fuel economy unit with an economy less than 0.01 litres per kilometre.
3807	what is the conference type of southwest academic conference?	  The Southwest Academic Conference is an interdisciplinary, undergraduate research conference that is open to all majors and disciplines.
3808	what is the video game that uses the flash?	  One popular video game that uses Flash is Tank Trouble.
3809	a minimum speed larger than 280.0 categorizes which tropical cyclone?	  A tropical cyclone with a minimum speed larger than 280.0 would be classified as a Category 5 hurricane.
3810	the maximum density in teslas is represented by which unit of magnetic flux density?	  The maximum density in Teslas is represented by the unit of Tesla (T).
3811	the measurement system of international system of units is used by which unit of potential?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the volt (V) as the unit of potential.
3812	ai is the focal topic of what conference event?	  The annual International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AIC) is the premier international conference for research in artificial intelligence.
3813	what is the ethnicity of people who speak sui language?	  The Sui language is spoken by the Sui people, an ethnic group of approximately 200,000 people living in Guizhou province, China.
3814	how many electric locomotive classes are built by english electric?	  English Electric built a total of six electric locomotive classes: Class 20, Class 37, Class 40, Class 50, Class 55, and Class 87.
3815	what theater character lives in the same fictional setting where dracula also lived?	  Count Orlok from the 1922 silent horror movie Nosferatu.
3816	which monterey county wine has 14.2 percent alcohol?	  Monterey County wines range in alcohol content, but 14.2 percent alcohol is a fairly high level. Some popular Monterey County wines with an alcohol content of 14.2 percent or higher include:  • Chardonnay from Scheid Vineyards • Sauvignon Blanc from Talbott Vineyards • Pinot Noir from Hahn Winery • Pinot Grigio from J. Lohr Vineyards & Wines • Merlot from Wrath Wines
3817	the xbox 360 controller supports which video games?	  The Xbox 360 controller supports a wide variety of video games, including many popular titles such as Call of Duty, Grand Theft Auto, Halo, Minecraft, and more.
3818	who is that recipe author speaking american english?	  Yes, the recipe author is speaking American English.
3819	alan c. kay was the creator of what programming language?	  Alan C. Kay is credited with creating the first object-oriented programming language, Smalltalk.
3820	how may composer were there in children's corner, l. 113 no. 5: the little shepherd?	  Claude Debussy was the composer of "The Little Shepherd" from Children's Corner, L. 113 No. 5.
3821	the measurement system, international system of units, encompasses which unit of capacitance?	  The farad (F) is the unit of capacitance in the International System of Units (SI).
3822	what comic book publisher has published comic book series in the martial art genre?	  Marvel Comics has published several titles in the martial arts genre, including Iron Fist, Shang-Chi, and The Immortal Iron Fist.
3823	what is the genre of the play with the grease (1994 broadway revival cast) soundtrack?	  The genre of the play Grease (1994 Broadway Revival Cast) is musical theatre.
3824	representational state transfer can be classified as what type of software genre?	  Representational State Transfer (REST) is a software architectural style that defines a set of constraints and properties based on HTTP. It is considered an architectural style for distributed hypermedia systems and is not a specific technology or protocol. Therefore, it does not fit into any specific software genre.
3825	sieverts of 1.0 has the equvalence of which unit of dose equivalence?	  1.0 sieverts is equivalent to 1.0 Sievert (Sv) of dose equivalence.
3826	strawberries is the flavor of what manufactured drug?	  There is no manufactured drug with a strawberry flavor.
3827	united states general services administration was registered by which tld registry?	  The United States General Services Administration is registered by the .gov top-level domain (TLD) registry.
3828	how many railway terminuses are terminuses of moçâmedes railway?	  There are two railway terminuses of Moçâmedes Railway: Moçâmedes Railway Station and Namibe Railway Station.
3829	what is the conference subject for series concarolinas?	  The conference subject for Series ConCarolinas is "Exploring the Future of Science Fiction and Fantasy".
3830	which unit of acceleration has a measurement system with a volumetric heat capacity unit joule per cubic metre per kelvin?	  The unit of acceleration with a measurement system with a volumetric heat capacity unit of joule per cubic metre per kelvin is the volumetric acceleration (VA).
3831	what software genre has the parent genre of email?	  The software genre with the parent genre of email is Email Client Software.
3832	what type of cloud has a maximum altitude of 6000.0?	  Cirrus clouds typically have a maximum altitude of 6000.0 meters.
3833	what of unit of force is largest in terms of newton?	  The largest unit of force in terms of newton is the meganewton (MN), which is equal to 1 million newtons (1,000,000 N).
3834	what video game engine was developed by ultimate play the game	  The video game engine developed by Ultimate Play the Game was the Ultimate OS.
3835	the unit kilogram per square metre in what measurement system is the unit of superficial density?	  The unit kilogram per square metre is a unit of superficial density in the metric system.
3836	what is the name of the unit of length that is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include electron rest mass?	  The unit of length associated with the measurement system whose mass units include electron rest mass is the Planck length.
3837	which drug formulation has the active ingredient moieties of ruthenium?	  There is currently no drug formulation with the active ingredient moieties of ruthenium. Ruthenium is being studied as a potential drug candidate for the treatment of various cancers, but it is not yet approved for use in any drug formulation.
3838	what is phi gamma delta's fraternity/sorority type?	  Phi Gamma Delta is a social fraternity.
3839	what adaptation is adapted from work that is an adaptation from maqbool?	  The 2004 movie Maqbool, written and directed by Vishal Bhardwaj, is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth. The film is set in the criminal underworld of Mumbai, India and follows the story of Maqbool, a gangster who is torn between loyalty to his mentor and his own ambitions.
3840	throh is a place in what fictional universe?	  Kroh is a location in the Pokémon universe.
3841	220.0 is the maximum speech for what locomotive class?	  The maximum speech for the EMD SD70ACe/SD70M-2 locomotive class is 4,400 horsepower.
3842	a variant of atmega168pa is in what computer processor family?	  The Atmega168PA is part of the Atmel AVR family of 8-bit microcontrollers.
3843	which website has been initiated from playboy online?	  Playboy.com is the official website of Playboy magazine, which was first launched in 1994. The website features content from the magazine, including articles, interviews, photos, videos, and more.
3844	used to measure time under 1e+06 seconds, what is the name of the unit of time in the international system of units?	  The unit of time in the International System of Units (SI) is the second (s).
3845	what type of fictional setting is mark of cain, part one in?	  Mark of Cain, Part One is a post-apocalyptic science fiction story.
3846	what is the name of the drug form that is protected by us patent 5631021 and regulated by fda otc monograph part 333a?	  The drug form protected by US Patent 5631021 and regulated by FDA OTC Monograph Part 333A is called Zolpimist.
3847	the civil war, part one of seven is belonging to what genre?	  Historical fiction.
3848	the measurement system for a magnetic field strength with a data rate of megabit per second uses what unit?	  The unit used to measure magnetic field strength with a data rate of megabit per second is tesla (T).
3849	what is the fictional setting type of inland sea?	  Inland seas are a type of fictional setting that is typically found in fantasy and science fiction stories. They are typically large bodies of water surrounded by land, often with unique ecosystems and creatures. In some stories, they may even be the source of magical powers or mysterious ancient civilizations.
3850	van buren and mask of the betrayer was designed by which video game designer?	  Mask of the Betrayer was designed by Chris Avellone, a video game designer and writer who has worked on games such as Fallout: New Vegas, Planescape: Torment, and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II.
3851	on 75, which tennis player turned pro?	  Björn Borg
3852	locate the genomic locus on the chromosome 7 (human).	  The exact genomic locus on chromosome 7 (human) is not known. However, chromosome 7 is known to contain over 1,000 genes, including those associated with cystic fibrosis, muscular dystrophy, and Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
3853	what region was the video game lego star wars iii: the clone wars released?	  Lego Star Wars III: The Clone Wars was released worldwide.
3854	78.0 is the length of which railway?	  There is no railway with a length of 78.0.
3855	130.0 is the maximum speech for what locomotive class?	  The maximum speech for the EMD SD70M locomotive class is 130.0.
3856	365.0 is the horsepower for what engine?	  This question cannot be answered without more information.
3857	what video game designer has designed both king's quest ii and king's quest i?	  Roberta Williams
3858	hilton hotels corporation is owned by which hotel brand?	  Hilton Hotels Corporation is owned by the Hilton brand.
3859	zak√¢t is practiced in how many religions?	  Zakat is practiced in Islam, and is one of the five pillars of the Islamic faith.
3860	on 03/19/1911, can you tell me which astronomical discovery was discovered?	  On March 19, 1911, the asteroid Vesta was discovered by German astronomer Wilhelm Olbers.
3861	mang language is spoken by what ethnicity of people?	  The Mang language is spoken by the Mang people, an ethnic group from southern China.
3862	the google play store gave what video game rating?	  Google Play does not provide video game ratings. Ratings are provided by the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB).
3863	world of war craft is part of what video game version?	  World of Warcraft is part of the massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) genre.
3864	what is the name of the nearest defunct time zone to utc?	  The nearest defunct time zone to UTC is the Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
3865	who is the video game publisher of the raiden iii games?	  The video game publisher of the Raiden III games is Moss.
3866	city of berlin has the geographical scope of what conference series?	  The Berlin Conference Series is an annual event that brings together leaders from the public and private sectors to discuss global economic and political issues.
3867	what accommodation features does grand cayman marriott beach resort have?	  The Grand Cayman Marriott Beach Resort features a variety of accommodation options, including:  - Luxury guest rooms and suites, with balconies, flat-screen TVs, and complimentary Wi-Fi  - Presidential Suites with private terraces and living areas - Beachfront villas with private pools, hot tubs, and outdoor kitchens - Penthouses with spectacular ocean views - Kid-friendly suites with bunk beds - ADA-compliant accommodations - Private beach cabanas - Beachfront hammocks - 24-hour fitness center - Outdoor pool - Spa and salon services - On-site restaurants and bars - 24-hour room service - Concierge services - Meeting and event space
3868	what is the name of what was the most recent browser released by the creators of cv?	  The most recent browser released by the creators of CV is called CV Browser.
3869	which video game developer created a video game mod that uses game engine source?	  Valve Corporation is the video game developer that created the Source engine mod, which is used to create custom video game mods.
3870	which conference was held at palais des congrès de montréal?	  There have been many conferences held at the Palais des Congrès de Montréal. Some recent examples include the Canadian Cardiovascular Congress (2019), the Canadian Interprofessional Health Conference (2019), and the Canadian Association of Gastroenterology Annual Scientific Meeting (2019).
3871	what is the occupation of toby cavanaugh and peter parker?	  Toby Cavanaugh is a student, and Peter Parker is a photographer and superhero.
3872	express highway could be categorized by which fictional setting?	  Fantasy
3873	after the date of 03/29/2009, which song was added to guitar hero iii?	  The song added to Guitar Hero III after March 29, 2009 was "The Trooper" by Iron Maiden.
3874	1372.0 is the minimum width for what rail guage?	  The minimum width for a standard gauge rail is 4 feet 8 1/2 inches, which is 1,435 millimeters.
3875	what fictional setting does the world of cars universe exist in?	  The Cars universe exists in a fantasy world populated by anthropomorphic vehicles.
3876	speed in meters per second is 343.0 for which unit of speed?	  The unit of speed is meters per second.
3877	what c++ language computer emulator was released latest?	  The latest C++ language computer emulator released is Visual Studio Code.
3878	the developer of crash 'n score also created which video game versions?	  The developer of Crash 'n Score, Atari Games, created several versions of classic arcade and console video games, including Pac-Man, Asteroids, Centipede, Missile Command, and Tempest.
3879	ax battler: a legend of golden axe was influenced by which video game?	  The original Golden Axe video game, released in 1989, was heavily influenced by the classic arcade game, Dragon's Lair.
3880	who is the person that designed the video game stalingrad?	  The video game Stalingrad was designed by the Russian developer 1C Company.
3881	the largest capacity for (rides per hour) belongs to which disney ride?	  The largest capacity for rides per hour belongs to the Haunted Mansion at Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida. It can accommodate up to 2,000 guests per hour.
3882	buildings could be categorized by which fictional setting?	  Buildings could be categorized by any fictional setting, such as a fantasy world, a post-apocalyptic landscape, or a science fiction universe.
3883	if i want to find a video game rating of a, where should i look?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the organization that assigns ratings to video games. You can look up the rating of a particular game by visiting their website at www.esrb.org.
3884	what format does the station which broadcasts mojo in the morning use?	  Mojo in the Morning is broadcast in the format of a Top 40/CHR (Contemporary Hit Radio) station.
3885	which boxer weighs the most?	  The heaviest boxer in history is Nikolay Valuev, who weighed in at 330 pounds (150 kg) for his professional debut fight in 1995.
3886	the system videogame rating council has which video game rating?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the organization responsible for assigning video game ratings. The ESRB has five age-based ratings for video games: Early Childhood (EC), Everyone (E), Everyone 10+ (E10+), Teen (T), and Mature (M).
3887	1 + [191044793,191048025] is the locus of which chromosome?	  The locus is on chromosome 2.
3888	who was responsible for designing the slowest roller coaster at nickelodeon universe?	  The slowest roller coaster at Nickelodeon Universe is the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Shell Shock, which was designed by the German company Maurer AG.
3889	which is the largest unit of frequency that is in terms of hertz?	  The largest unit of frequency in terms of hertz is the Terahertz (THz).
3890	what is the name of the manufacturer of the rocket that launched the sputnik 1?	  The manufacturer of the rocket that launched Sputnik 1 was the Soviet Union's State Commission for Space Flight (RKK Energia).
3891	which winery made 2005 claudia springs "valenti ranch" mendocino ridge zinfandel?	  Claudia Springs Winery.
3892	the shape of the galaxies with the same classification code as m110 is what?	  The shape of the galaxies with the same classification code as M110 (Sb) is a medium-sized spiral galaxy with a bright nucleus, prominent bulge, and moderately wound spiral arms.
3893	the toolbox murders was adapted to make what adaptation?	  The Toolbox Murders was adapted into a 2004 horror film of the same name, directed by Tobe Hooper and starring Angela Bettis, Brent Roam, and Juliet Landau.
3894	which unit mass is in a measurement system that uses energy density unit of joule per cubic metre and has the maximum weightmass in kilograms?	  The maximum weight/mass in kilograms would depend on the amount of energy density in the joules per cubic metre. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this question with the information provided.
3895	what was the name of the musical artist that the juicy j supported?	  The musical artist that Juicy J supported was Katy Perry.
3896	which art series is antonello the artist of?	  Antonello da Messina is best known for his work in the early Renaissance period, particularly his pioneering use of oil painting techniques. He is most famous for his religious works, including the San Cassiano Altarpiece, the Virgin Annunciate, and the Crucifixion. He is also known for his secular works, such as the Portrait of a Man.
3897	which system of measurement includes gallon (imperial) as a unit of volume?	  The imperial system of measurement, also known as the British Imperial system, includes gallon as a unit of volume.
3898	what is the exhibition which has the same exhibition curator as 'primitivism' in 20th century art: affinity of the tribal and the modern?	  The exhibition that has the same exhibition curator as 'Primitivism in 20th Century Art: Affinity of the Tribal and the Modern' is 'Primitivism in 20th Century Art: Affinity of the Tribal and the Modern' at the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
3899	wizard weather uses what language in it's fictional setting?	  Wizard Weather does not have a specific language in its fictional setting.
3900	name the unit of length in centimetre–gram–second system of units.	  The unit of length in the centimetre-gram-second system of units is the centimetre (cm).
3901	what is the event that shares the conference venue associated with oscon 2012?	  The event that shares the conference venue associated with OSCON 2012 is the 2012 Open Source Bridge conference.
3902	international system of units uses what unit for molar energy?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule (J) as the unit for molar energy.
3903	orange box game and version of x-squad game was developed by which video game developer.	  The Orange Box and X-Squad game were both developed by the video game developer Valve Corporation.
3904	what is the unit of magnetic flux density that represents the maximum density in teslas?	  The unit of magnetic flux density that represents the maximum density in teslas is the Tesla (T).
3905	which is the smallest possible unit of resistivity?	  The smallest possible unit of resistivity is the ohm-meter (Ω-m).
3906	what model computer is compatible with the peripheral of light gun?	  Any computer that supports USB ports should be compatible with a light gun peripheral.
3907	which unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include atomic mass unit?	  The International System of Units (SI), which uses the atomic mass unit (amu) for mass, uses the meter (m) for length.
3908	resistance in ohms is 1.0 for which unit of resistance?	  Ohms (Ω)
3909	film of men in black: alien attack is included on which amusement ride?	  Men in Black: Alien Attack is a 4D interactive dark ride located at Universal Studios Florida in Orlando, Florida.
3910	name the theater with the largest seating capacity.	  The Gwanghwamun International Theater in Seoul, South Korea has the largest seating capacity with 4,500 seats.
3911	name the video game rating whose rating system includes the content descriptor of gambling.	  The video game rating system that includes the content descriptor of gambling is the Pan European Game Information (PEGI) rating system.
3912	taylor made piano: a jazz history was on which episode of the radio program?	  The episode of the radio program featuring a discussion of Taylor Made Piano: A Jazz History was episode #3 of the series, titled "Jazz Piano: A Conversation with Taylor Eigsti and Brad Mehldau".
3913	iaudio has the same genre as what file format?	  Aiff
3914	which is the number of exhibitions produced by imperial war museum?	  The Imperial War Museum produces a variety of exhibitions, so there is no single answer to this question.
3915	1994-04-06 was the initial release date for which video game?	  The video game is "Donkey Kong Country" released on April 6, 1994, for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES).
3916	what unit represents 1.0 grams per mole?	  The unit for 1.0 grams per mole is g/mol.
3917	how many variations of worship places are present in islam?	  There are many different variations of worship places present in Islam, including mosques, madrasas, Sufi shrines, and hussainiyas.
3918	what court is inferior to the caribbean court of justice and was founded first?	  The Caribbean Court of Justice was founded in 2005, so the court that is inferior to it and was founded first is the Caribbean Court of Appeal, which was established in 1993.
3919	selegiline has been tested for which medical trial?	  Selegiline has been tested for the treatment of Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, and depression. It has also been studied as a potential treatment for cocaine addiction, Huntington's disease, and multiple sclerosis.
3920	which rail network has madrid–seville high-speed rail line	  The Madrid–Seville high-speed rail line is part of the Spanish high-speed AVE network.
3921	what is the video game that has the same game engine as abermud?	  The video game that has the same game engine as Abermud is called Abermals.
3922	what video game versions were released in europe?	  There are too many video game versions released in Europe to list, but some of the most popular include: Grand Theft Auto V, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, FIFA 21, Red Dead Redemption 2, The Last of Us Part II, Assassin's Creed Valhalla, Cyberpunk 2077, God of War, and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.
3923	find serial installment with an installment number greater than 6	  Serial installment with an installment number greater than 6 can be found in various forms, such as installment loans, payment plans, and subscription services. Examples include:  - Auto loans with 7 or more payments - Furniture store payment plans with 8 or more payments - Cell phone plans with 9 or more payments - Online subscription services with 10 or more payments - Credit card payment plans with 11 or more payments
3924	who is the skinniest noble person?	  There is no one definitive answer to this question as it is subjective.
3925	what gameplay mode is used in the video game that supports xbox 360 controller?	  The game may support an Xbox 360 controller, but the specific gameplay mode used will depend on the game.
3926	what meteorite's mass is less or equal to 16550.0?	  The following meteorites have a mass of less than or equal to 16550.0:  -Lonar (India) - 15,800 g -Dronino (Russia) - 15,500 g -Tieschitz (Austria) - 14,400 g -Wabar (Saudi Arabia) - 13,000 g -Toluca (Mexico) - 12,000 g -Sikhote-Alin (Russia) - 10,000 g -Bunburra Rockhole (Australia) - 8,000 g -Gao-Guenie (Burkina Faso) - 7,000 g -Mbosi (Tanzania) - 6,000 g -Dhofar (Oman) - 5,000 g
3927	who produced the radio program on evan mecham?	  The radio program about Evan Mecham was produced by National Public Radio (NPR).
3928	skin infection is treated with what?	  Skin infections are typically treated with antibiotics, antifungals, or antivirals, depending on the type of infection. In some cases, topical creams or ointments may be used.
3929	coulomb per square metre is the electric flux density unit featured in what measurement system?	  The SI system (International System of Units).
3930	toypops is the publisher of what video game?	  ToyPops is the publisher of the video game "Disco Ducks", a match-3 puzzle game released in 2016.
3931	what is the legal case regarding; coypright?	  Copyright is a legal concept, enacted by most governments, giving the creator of an original work exclusive rights to it, usually for a limited time. Copyright is intended to protect the original expression of an idea in the form of a creative work, but not the idea itself. The exclusive rights are not absolute but limited by limitations and exceptions to copyright law, including fair use. A major limitation on copyright is that copyright protects only the original expression of an idea, and not the idea itself.
3932	how many contents about educational were produced by the producer of on the media?	  It is impossible to answer this question without more information about the producer and the type of content they produce.
3933	the international system of units uses what measurements to measure less than 1e-15 seconds?	  The international system of units (SI) uses femtoseconds (fs) to measure less than 1e-15 seconds.
3934	in the ger class 527, what were the specific locomotive classes?	  The specific locomotive classes in the GER Class 527 were 527.0, 527.1, 527.2, 527.3, 527.4, 527.5 and 527.6.
3935	the 2008 gray vireo symposium was a part of which conference proceedings?	  The 2008 Gray Vireo Symposium was a part of the Western Birds 39th Annual Conference Proceedings.
3936	the settlers ii 10th anniversary was developed by which video game studio?	  The Settlers II 10th Anniversary was developed by Blue Byte Software, a German video game studio owned by Ubisoft.
3937	how do you make chocolate brownies?	  Ingredients:  -1/2 cup unsalted butter -1 cup granulated sugar -2 large eggs -1 teaspoon vanilla extract -1/2 cup all-purpose flour -1/3 cup cocoa powder -1/4 teaspoon salt -1/4 teaspoon baking powder  Instructions:  1. Preheat oven to 350°F (175°C). Grease an 8-inch (20 cm) square baking pan.  2. In a medium-sized bowl, melt the butter in the microwave.  3. Add the sugar and stir until combined.  4. Beat in the eggs one at a time.  5. Stir in the vanilla.  6. In a separate bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, salt, and baking powder.  7. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and mix until just combined.  8. Pour the batter into the prepared baking pan and spread evenly.  9. Bake for 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.  10. Let cool before cutting into squares. Enjoy!
3938	what fictional universe does the harry potter take place in?	  The Harry Potter series takes place in the fictional wizarding world of the same name.
3939	the legend of the batman - who he is, and how he came to be is found in what type of fictional setting?	  The legend of the Batman is found in a comic book/graphic novel setting.
3940	which is the content type of album le bossu / concierto por la tierra?	  The content type of album Le Bossu / Concierto por la Tierra is Latin Pop.
3941	name the type of school that community college of vermont, white river junction campus is?	  Community College
3942	what is the unit of charge in the measurement system that uses lumens for luminous flux units?	  The unit of charge in the measurement system that uses lumens for luminous flux units is the coulomb.
3943	what is the unit used to describe a frequency of 1000.0 in hertz?	  1000.0 hertz (Hz).
3944	kingswood-oxford school is considered what kind of school?	  Kingswood Oxford School is a private, coeducational, college-preparatory day school located in West Hartford, Connecticut. It serves students in grades 6-12.
3945	which region was the video game highly responsive to prayers released?	  The video game Highly Responsive to Prayers was released in Japan in 1987.
3946	madrid–barcelona high-speed rail line is featured on what rail network?	  The Madrid–Barcelona high-speed rail line is part of the Spanish AVE network.
3947	braised shortribs are recipe creations by which author?	  Braised shortribs are a recipe creation by chef and author Jamie Oliver.
3948	who is the colorist for comic book new avengers?	  Frank D'Armata is the colorist for the comic book series New Avengers.
3949	who is the owner of the xian ma60 owned by the most number of parties?	  The Xian MA60 is owned and operated by a variety of airlines and private operators around the world. The largest operator of the Xian MA60 is Xiamen Airlines, a Chinese airline based in Fujian Province.
3950	the cat lady was developed by which video game studio?	  The Cat Lady was developed by Harvester Games.
3951	what's the name of the radio episode about the bosnia war?	  The episode is called "Bosnia: The War We Couldn't Stop."
3952	rock band added what song after 2008-11-13?	  This question is impossible to answer without more information, such as the name of the band and the song they added.
3953	what unit of mass is used in the same measurement system as gray per second?	  The same unit of mass used in the same measurement system as gray per second is the kilogram.
3954	the star known as hd 32450 is in what constellation?	  HD 32450 is located in the constellation of Canis Major.
3955	what is the name of the conference series that has a spnsoring organization of sweden social web camp ab and is of kind unconference?	  The conference series is called Sweden Social Web Camp.
3956	which written work has subject development of: a fast tracking synchronizer?	  The development of a fast tracking synchronizer is a complex process that requires careful consideration of several factors. This article will discuss the different components of a fast tracking synchronizer, their importance, and the challenges that must be overcome in order to ensure successful development.  The first component of a fast tracking synchronizer is the synchronization algorithm. This algorithm determines how quickly the synchronizer will be able to track changes in data. It is important to choose an algorithm that is both efficient and reliable. Additionally, the algorithm must be able to handle large amounts of data without sacrificing accuracy.  The second component of a fast tracking synchronizer is the data structure. This structure determines how the data will be stored in the synchronizer. It is important to choose a data structure that is both efficient and reliable. Additionally, the data structure must be able to handle large amounts of data without sacrificing accuracy.  The third component of a fast tracking synchronizer is the communication protocol. This protocol determines how the synchronizer will communicate with other systems. It is important to choose a protocol that is both efficient and reliable. Additionally, the protocol must be able to handle large amounts of data without sacrificing accuracy.  The fourth component of a fast tracking synchronizer is the scheduling algorithm. This algorithm determines when the synchronizer should be triggered to perform its task. It is important to choose a scheduling algorithm that is both efficient and reliable. Additionally, the scheduling algorithm must be able to handle large amounts of data without sacrificing accuracy.  Finally, the fifth component of a fast tracking synchronizer is the error handling algorithm. This algorithm determines how the synchronizer should respond to errors. It is important to choose an error handling algorithm that is both efficient and reliable. Additionally, the error handling algorithm must be able to handle large amounts of data without sacrificing accuracy.  By considering all of the components of a fast tracking synchronizer, developers can create a reliable and efficient system that can handle large amounts of data without sacrificing accuracy. However, developers must also take into account the challenges associated with developing a fast tracking synchronizer. These challenges include finding an efficient synchronization algorithm, choosing the right data structure, selecting the appropriate communication protocol, and designing a reliable scheduling algorithm. By understanding the components of a fast tracking synchronizer and the challenges associated with its development, developers can create a reliable and efficient system that can handle large amounts of data without sacrificing accuracy.
3957	what video game bear the soundtracks of gran turismo 4 kicks?	  Gran Turismo 4 is the only game to feature the soundtracks from the Gran Turismo 4 series.
3958	which status names are given to the websites owned by alpine bikes ltd?	  Alpine Bikes Ltd could give their websites any status names they wish. Some possible status names could include "Alpine Bikes Online," "Alpine Bikes Shop," "Alpine Bikes Store," "The Alpine Bikes Experience," or "Ride with Alpine Bikes."
3959	neil gaiman created which comic book characters that appeared in the sandman: dream country?	  Some of the characters created by Neil Gaiman for the Sandman: Dream Country series include:   -Dream of the Endless -Death of the Endless  -Desire of the Endless  -Destruction of the Endless  -Delirium of the Endless  -Despair of the Endless  -Lyta Hall  -The Corinthian  -The Furies  -Thessaly  -Matthew the Raven  -The Three Blind Mice  -The Kindly Ones  -Loki  -Urania Blackwell  -The Faerie  -Thessaly's Cat  -Thessaly's Horse
3960	courtroom is in what genre?	  Courtroom dramas are a genre of films, television shows, and plays that focus on legal proceedings and the justice system.
3961	480i is played on which radio station?	  There is no single radio station that exclusively plays 480i. However, 480i is a standard television resolution, so any radio station that broadcasts its programming over television would be playing in 480i.
3962	where in pseudomonas aeruginosa pao1 is the genomic locus?	  The genomic locus of Pseudomonas aeruginosa Pao1 is located on the chromosome at NC_002516.2.
3963	what is the occupation of emmanuel goldstein and wild bill cat?	  Emmanuel Goldstein is a political activist and writer, while Wild Bill Cat is a professional poker player.
3964	what comic book colorist did the coloring work for civil war, part seven of seven?	  Laura Martin.
3965	what is the name of the coaching positions that oakland raiders has?	  The Oakland Raiders currently have the following coaching positions:  Head Coach: Jon Gruden  Offensive Coordinator: Greg Olson  Defensive Coordinator: Paul Guenther  Special Teams Coordinator: Rich Bisaccia  Quarterbacks Coach: Brian Callahan  Running Backs Coach: Jemal Singleton  Wide Receivers Coach: Edgar Bennett  Tight Ends Coach: Frank Smith  Offensive Line Coach: Tom Cable  Assistant Offensive Line Coach: Lemuel Jeanpierre  Defensive Line Coach: Mike Trgovac  Linebackers Coach: David Lippincott  Defensive Backs Coach: Jim O'Neil  Assistant Defensive Backs Coach: Johnnie Lynn  Defensive Quality Control Coach: Travis Smith  Offensive Quality Control Coach: Nick Holz  Assistant Special Teams Coach: Tracy Smith  Strength and Conditioning Coach: A.J. Neibel  Assistant Strength and Conditioning Coach: Deuce Gruden
3966	what musical artist was supported by bpad & jackson king	  The musical artist supported by Bpad & Jackson King is rapper Lil Baby.
3967	how many video game compilations were developed by nintendo co. ltd.?	  It is impossible to answer this question definitively as Nintendo Co. Ltd. has released many different video game compilations over the years.
3968	what is the number of worship places that judaism has?	  Judaism does not have a set number of worship places. Synagogues, temples, and other places of worship vary in size and number depending on the Jewish community.
3969	imperialism was developed by which game developer?	  The term "anti-imperialism" was popularized by the game developer Sid Meier, who used it in the game Civilization.
3970	which disney amusement park rides have capacity less than 24 per hour?	  -It's a Small World -The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh -Peter Pan's Flight -Dumbo the Flying Elephant -The Magic Carpets of Aladdin -Astro Orbiter -Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin -The Barnstormer -Prince Charming Regal Carrousel -Mad Tea Party
3971	which is the video game series that includes a video game expansion designed by wright?	  The video game series that includes an expansion designed by Wright is The Sims. Wright's expansion for The Sims, titled The Sims: Vacation, was released in 2002.
3972	what is a mod for the video game entitled micro mouse goes debugging?	  A mod for the game Micro Mouse Goes Debugging is a fan-made modification to the game that changes certain aspects of the gameplay. Mods can range from cosmetic changes such as new textures and skins, to more extensive changes such as new levels, characters, or game mechanics.
3973	what tennis player won the same match as monica niculescu?	  The tennis player who won the same match as Monica Niculescu was Karolina Pliskova.
3974	129.0 is the weight of which locomotive class?	  The EMD SD70ACe locomotive class has a weight of 129.0 tons.
3975	what is the unit of volumetric heat capacity in international system of units?	  The unit of volumetric heat capacity in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per cubic meter kelvin (J/m3K).
3976	who sponsors isko uk conference?	  The ISKO UK Conference is sponsored by the British Library, the Open University, the University of Manchester, and the University of Sheffield.
3977	what do you call the upper most level domain status of fr	ance  The upper most level domain status of France is .fr.
3978	the measurement system canadian units of measurement uses which unit for volume?	  The Canadian units of measurement use the liter (L) as the unit of volume.
3979	1000.0 rate in bits per second corresponds to which unit of data transmission?	  This is equivalent to 1 Megabit per second (Mbps).
3980	burmese units of measurement is the unit of length in what?	  The Burmese unit of length is the viss, which is equal to about 1.63 kilograms (3.6 pounds).
3981	what is the alternate unit of unit of mass that is also used in the same measurement system as pascal second?	  The alternate unit of mass used in the same measurement system as the pascal second is the kilogram second.
3982	which video games comes after mt framework?	  The next video game in the MT Framework series is Resident Evil 6.
3983	can i have a list of double circle shaped, manufactured drugs?	  1. Oxycodone 2. Hydrocodone 3. Morphine 4. Fentanyl 5. Methadone 6. Buprenorphine 7. Codeine 8. Hydromorphone 9. Meperidine 10. Tramadol
3984	balance board is a video game that is supported by what gameplay mode?	  The gameplay mode most commonly associated with a balance board is the "balance" mode. This mode typically involves the player standing on the board and using their body to control the game.
3985	what is the expansion for the video game bronze dragon: conquest of infinity?	  Bronze Dragon: Conquest of Infinity is an action-adventure role-playing game developed and published by DreamForge Intertainment. The game is set in a fantasy world and follows the story of a young dragon named Kaleon, who must save his kingdom from the evil forces of the Dark Lord. Players explore dungeons, fight monsters, and complete quests while trying to restore peace to the kingdom.
3986	the creators of pst's most recently released browser was called what?	  The most recent version of the PST browser is called PST Browser 2.0.
3987	international system of units contains what amount of substance units?	  The International System of Units (SI) contains seven base units for measuring physical quantities, including the kilogram (kg) for measuring mass, the second (s) for measuring time, the ampere (A) for measuring electric current, the kelvin (K) for measuring temperature, the mole (mol) for measuring amount of substance, the candela (cd) for measuring luminous intensity, and the meter (m) for measuring length.
3988	civilization v: gods & kings is played in which gameplay mode?	  Civilization V: Gods & Kings is a turn-based strategy game.
3989	which space crafts are manufactured by a public corporation?	  SpaceX, a public corporation, manufactures the Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launch vehicles, Dragon spacecraft, and Starlink satellite constellation.
3990	what is the unit of volume in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of volume in the International System of Units (SI) is the cubic meter (m3).
3991	what system of measurement's absorbed dose rate unit is gray per second?	  The absorbed dose rate unit of the International System of Units (SI) is the gray per second (Gy/s).
3992	the maximum distance in meters comes from which unit of length?	  The maximum distance in meters comes from the unit of length known as the kilometer.
3993	the smallest zero point in kelvins has what unit of temperature?	  Kelvin (K).
3994	which recurring event happens each every 5 years?	  Census
3995	the permittivity units of farad per metre is part of what measurement system?	  The permittivity units of Farad per metre is part of the International System of Units (SI).
3996	what is the new name of the minneapolis marines?	  The new name of the Minneapolis Marines is the Minnesota Twins.
3997	what radio program episode was first aired on 2012-02-26?	  The specific radio program episode that was first aired on 2012-02-26 is unknown.
3998	what poetic meter does the poem that has a school or movement of biography have?	  The poem may not necessarily have a specific poetic meter, as many biographical poems can be written in any meter. However, the most common meter for biographical poems is iambic pentameter.
3999	which video game version has the most current release date?	  This question is impossible to answer as there are hundreds of video games released every year, and the most current release date would depend on which game you are referring to.
4000	what is used to measure in the international system of units ?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the seven base units of length, mass, time, electric current, temperature, amount of substance, and luminous intensity to measure physical quantities.
4001	what video game engine was developed by westwood studios	  Westwood Studios developed the game engine called Westwood 3D.
4002	who is the subject of the conference, devreach 2011?	  The subject of DevReach 2011 was "Web Platforms and Tools for Enterprise Development".
4003	which is the star of planets hd 70573 b?	  HD 70573 b does not have a star. It is an exoplanet orbiting the star HD 70573.
4004	what unit of temperature has a smallest zero point in kelvins?	  The Kelvin scale has the smallest zero point of any temperature scale, at absolute zero (0 K).
4005	what is the soundtrack of video game the settlers?	  The soundtrack of the video game The Settlers is composed by Tilman Sillescu.
4006	avenger is included in what video game compilation?	  The game Scavenger is included in the Atari Flashback Classics Volume 2 video game compilation.
4007	which comic book story is colored by andy yanchus?	  Andy Yanchus has colored a variety of comic book stories, including "Batman: The Killing Joke" (DC Comics), "Spider-Man: The Clone Conspiracy" (Marvel Comics), "The Flash: Rebirth" (DC Comics), "The Infinity Gauntlet" (Marvel Comics), and "X-Men: Age of Apocalypse" (Marvel Comics).
4008	adults.co.uk started what website?	  Adultwork.com
4009	i-know 2010 uses what conference venue?	  The 2010 i-know Conference was held at the International Congress Centre in Dresden, Germany.
4010	which dissertation was most recently defended?	  It is not possible to answer this question as there is no way to know which dissertation was most recently defended.
4011	in which fictional universe does tranquill exist?	  Tranquill does not exist in any fictional universe. It is a real-world species of Pokémon found in the Pokémon video game series.
4012	1980 was the final broadcast date for which radio program?	  The final broadcast date for the long-running radio program A Prairie Home Companion was July 1, 2016.
4013	peripherals supported by microspeech are had by which video game version?	  Microspeech was not a video game. It was a speech recognition software released by Microsoft in 1998.
4014	which game was released on amiga cd32?	  The first game released on the Amiga CD32 was Diggers, a strategy game developed by Millennium Interactive.
4015	pennyweight is part of what measurement system?	  Troy weight.
4016	mol is what kind of unit?	  Mole is a unit of measurement for the amount of a substance. It is equal to 6.022 x 1023 molecules or atoms of that substance.
4017	bahá'í faith is a religion based on what?	  The Baháʼí Faith is a monotheistic religion based on the teachings of Baháʼu'lláh, who is considered to be the most recent in a line of messengers of God. The Baháʼí Faith emphasizes the spiritual unity of all humankind, and focuses on the unity of God, religion, and humanity. The Baháʼí Faith teaches that all religions are part of a single, progressive process through which God reveals His will to humanity.
4018	what is the name of the digital camera that was revealed on leica camera ag?	  The newest digital camera from Leica Camera AG is the Leica Q2.
4019	which website use ip addresses apis?	  1. IP-API 2. IP-Geo 3. IP Geolocation API 4. IP2Location 5. IPInfo 6. IP-Stack 7. IP Geolocation Lookup 8. IP Geolocation API by ipstack 9. FreeGeoIP 10. Geo IP Lookup by ipapi
4020	what video game designer has designed both geist and super mario world: super mario advance 2?	  Shigeru Miyamoto
4021	what general election does the contest of franklin-3 vermont representative district election, 2008 belong to?	  The contest of Franklin-3 Vermont Representative District Election, 2008 belongs to the 2008 United States Presidential Election.
4022	what radio program episode is robert talks with noted author and paleontologist stephen jay gould a segment of?	  This segment is part of the National Public Radio program "Fresh Air," which is hosted by Terry Gross.
4023	the permittivity units of farad per metre are a part of which measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
4024	roy kelton orbison composed which tv song?	  Roy Orbison composed the theme song for the 1960s television series The Fastest Guitar Alive.
4025	the concentration in 1.0 katal per cubic meter is used to demonstrate what unit of catalytic concentration?	  Katal per cubic meter is a unit of catalytic activity, which is a measure of the rate of a chemical reaction catalyzed by a catalyst.
4026	techcrunch50 is what type of conference?	  TechCrunch50 is an annual technology conference hosted by TechCrunch, a technology news website. The event showcases the top 50 innovative startups from around the world, and features keynote speakers, panel discussions, and networking opportunities.
4027	newton-metre is the moment of force unit for which system of measurement?	  The newton-metre is a unit of torque (moment of force) in the metric system.
4028	who is the tour operator of moray	 eel dive  The tour operator is Dive Timor Lorosae. They offer a variety of dive packages, including the Moray Eel Dive, which takes place at the Atauro Island Marine Reserve.
4029	during which 1924 olympics event was contested as part of a demonstration sport?	  The 1924 Olympics featured polo as a demonstration sport.
4030	which bottled water has chloride of 37.0	  Some brands of bottled water that have chloride levels of 37.0 mg/L or higher include:  • Aquafina • Dasani • Evian • Nestle Pure Life • Ozarka • Poland Spring • Smartwater • Voss
4031	kilogram per square metre is used in which measurement system relating to surface density unity?	  The SI system.
4032	the same division with barrie colts has what other hockey teams?	  The Barrie Colts are part of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL), which is a Junior A hockey league. The other teams in the OHL are the Ottawa 67's, Hamilton Bulldogs, Kingston Frontenacs, Niagara IceDogs, North Bay Battalion, Oshawa Generals, Peterborough Petes, Sudbury Wolves, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds, Guelph Storm, Kitchener Rangers, London Knights, Flint Firebirds, and the Erie Otters.
4033	what is the medical trial design that uses vitamin e and c to slow progression of common carotid artery plaque build-up which has an expected total enrollment with the lowest number?	  The medical trial design that uses vitamin E and C to slow progression of common carotid artery plaque build-up is known as a randomized controlled trial (RCT). This type of trial has the lowest expected total enrollment, usually consisting of a few hundred participants.
4034	the sequel to heroes of the lance, smackdown vs. raw 2011 is what genre video game?	  Smackdown vs. Raw 2011 is a wrestling/fighting video game.
4035	what run rating symbol does advanced have?	  Advanced has a four-star rating system, with each star representing a different level of quality.
4036	the subject of science, reason and genetics with richard dawkins is what?	  The subject of science, reason and genetics with Richard Dawkins is evolutionary biology. Dawkins is an evolutionary biologist and prominent advocate of scientific rationalism and atheism, and is best known for his popular science books such as The Selfish Gene and The God Delusion. He has written extensively on evolutionary biology and its implications for understanding the natural world.
4037	the book series sacra pagina series contains which book editions?	  The Sacra Pagina Series includes commentaries on the books of the Bible, including the Pentateuch (Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, and Deuteronomy); the Historical Books (Joshua, Judges, 1-2 Samuel, 1-2 Kings, 1-2 Chronicles, Ezra, Nehemiah, and Tobit); the Wisdom Books (Job, Psalms, Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, and the Song of Songs); the Prophets (Isaiah, Jeremiah, Lamentations, Baruch, Ezekiel, Daniel, and the Minor Prophets); and the New Testament (the Gospels, Acts, the Pauline Letters, the General Letters, and Revelation).
4038	in international system of units, what is the unit of specific volume?	  The unit of specific volume in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per kilogram (m3/kg).
4039	the song added after 10/23/2008 to rockband 2 was what?	  The song added after 10/23/2008 to Rock Band 2 was "The Middle" by Jimmy Eat World.
4040	what number of religions is fast practiced by?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of religions practiced around the world varies greatly. Estimates suggest that there are around 4,200 distinct religions practiced today.
4041	bristol and exeter railway 4-2-2 locomotives is what class of locomotive?	  The Bristol and Exeter Railway 4-2-2 locomotives were a class of locomotives known as a "Singles" or "Single Driver" locomotives.
4042	what is the total number of spacecrafts manufactured by international telephone & telegraph and boeing company?	  It is impossible to give an exact answer to this question as the number of spacecrafts manufactured by International Telephone & Telegraph and Boeing Company is constantly changing.
4043	which video game version was published by igor makovsky?	  Igor Makovsky has not published any video game versions.
4044	what is the organism which has a height larger than 0.48?	  The organism with a height larger than 0.48 would depend on the type of organism. Some examples of organisms that could meet this criteria include humans, giraffes, horses, and some species of trees.
4045	what video game does snes mouse support?	  The Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) mouse is compatible with the game Mario Paint.
4046	in what countries is the version developed by commodore gaming and distributed through virtual console released?	  The Commodore Gaming version of Virtual Console is only available in the United States and Canada.
4047	what can international system of units be used to measure?	  The International System of Units (SI) can be used to measure length, mass, time, temperature, electric current, amount of substance, and luminous intensity.
4048	ger class c53 is what class of locomotive?	  A C53 is a type of steam locomotive.
4049	id tech has how many engines?	  id Tech engines are modular and can be configured to include any number of engines.
4050	the adventures of whistling sam was written by who?	  The Adventures of Whistling Sam was written by American author and illustrator Thornton W. Burgess.
4051	who is the director of the zimmerli art museum?	  The director of the Zimmerli Art Museum is Suzanne Delehanty.
4052	what is used to describe the frequency of 1.653e-06 in hertz?	  1.653e-06 hertz is equivalent to 16.53 millihertz.
4053	which radio program last aired on 01/01/1988?	  Unfortunately, it is not possible to answer this question as the specific radio program that aired on 01/01/1988 is not known.
4054	which radio episode was about the angola 3?	  The Angola 3 episode of the radio show This American Life aired on February 28, 2014.
4055	what government agency is founded by someone who founded rapid deployment joint task force? 	  The government agency founded by someone who founded the Rapid Deployment Joint Task Force is the United States Northern Command (NORTHCOM). NORTHCOM was established in 2002 in response to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
4056	what is the name of the video game that was an expansion of king arthur: the druids?	  The expansion is called King Arthur II: The Role-Playing Wargame.
4057	which street fighter series video game is designed by david sirlin?	  David Sirlin designed the Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix game for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
4058	gnolia initiated which website?	  Mogul, a social networking site for entrepreneurs, was initiated by Magnolia in 2006.
4059	the international system of units system uses what as a unit for mass?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the kilogram (kg) as the unit for mass.
4060	primary battery manufacturing has in place what business operation?	  Primary battery manufacturing typically has a supply chain management system in place to ensure the efficient flow of materials and products from suppliers to customers. This system includes activities such as forecasting and ordering, inventory management, quality control, and delivery.
4061	which conference series does jacques lacan sponsor?	  Jacques Lacan did not sponsor any conference series.
4062	what is the fictional character creator with the smallest height?	  The fictional character creator with the smallest height is probably Tinkerbell from the Disney movie Peter Pan. She is only a few inches tall.
4063	what is the measurement system that the molar heat capacity units of joule per mole per kelvin is part of?	  The molar heat capacity units of joule per mole per kelvin are part of the International System of Units (SI).
4064	which measurement system has exposure unit of coulomb per kilogram?	  The X-ray Absorbed Dose Measurement System (XADMS) has an exposure unit of coulomb per kilogram.
4065	which software falls into both analytics and business intelligence genres?	  Tableau is a software that falls into both analytics and business intelligence genres. It is a data visualization tool that helps users to explore, analyze, and share insights from their data. It provides powerful analytics capabilities and helps to create interactive dashboards and reports for better decision-making.
4066	what video game is released in 2007-01-08?	  The video game released on 2007-01-08 was Command & Conquer 3: Tiberium Wars.
4067	kinect sports appears in which video games?	  Kinect Sports is a series of sports video games developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox 360 video game console. It includes six sports games: Soccer, Beach Volleyball, Bowling, Table Tennis, Track & Field, and Boxing.
4068	name the function of the rocket manufactured by chrysler llc.	  The rocket manufactured by Chrysler LLC is the Chrysler Delta II rocket, which is a two-stage launch vehicle designed to launch small payloads into low Earth orbit.
4069	what sport has a middle relief pitcher as a position?	  Baseball
4070	which conference sponsor also sponsored the conference series with advanstar communications, inc.?	  The conference series with Advanstar Communications, Inc. was sponsored by the International Association of Exhibitions and Events (IAEE).
4071	the playstation 4 is part of what game system family?	  The PlayStation 4 is part of the Sony PlayStation game system family.
4072	whats the measurement for unit of area in international system of units?	  The unit of area in the International System of Units (SI) is the square meter (m2).
4073	which film producer has a weight of at most 73.0?	  There are many film producers who weigh 73.0 or less, including J.J. Abrams, Kevin Feige, Judd Apatow, and Ryan Murphy.
4074	which character from a comic strip made an appearance in paulus the woodgnome?	  Paulus the Woodgnome is a comic strip featuring a gnome named Paulus and his woodland friends. The characters that appear in the strip are Paulus, his friend Frits, the squirrels Sjors and Sjimmie, the hedgehog Ollie, and the fox Willem.
4075	which disney amusement park rides have a capacity less than 780 per hour?	  -Space Mountain (500 riders per hour) -Big Thunder Mountain Railroad (720 riders per hour) -Pirates of the Caribbean (680 riders per hour) -Splash Mountain (660 riders per hour) -The Haunted Mansion (720 riders per hour) -It's a Small World (720 riders per hour) -Peter Pan's Flight (720 riders per hour) -Dumbo the Flying Elephant (720 riders per hour) -The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh (720 riders per hour)
4076	what is the radio program episode of new england almanac: portraits in sound of new england life and landscape?	  The radio program episode of New England Almanac: Portraits in Sound of New England Life and Landscape is called "A Sense of Place".
4077	which video game has influenced daley thompson's decathlon?	  Daley Thompson's Decathlon was a video game released in 1984 for the Commodore 64, ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, and Atari 8-bit computer systems. It was one of the first multi-event sports games, and was a major influence on subsequent sports games.
4078	if a coulombs per kilogram is 1.0, which unit of exposure is it?	  Coulombs per kilogram is a unit of charge density, not exposure. Exposure is typically measured in units of coulombs per kilogram per second (C/kg/s).
4079	which musical soundtrack was initially released the earliest?	  The earliest musical soundtrack released was for the film The Jazz Singer, released in 1927.
4080	the odyssey of homer episode three has what radio program?	  The Odyssey of Homer Episode Three is a radio program produced by the CBC Radio One show Ideas.
4081	what is the fictional setting type of 1602 part one; in which we are introduced to some of our featured players?	  The fictional setting type of 1602 Part One is a fantasy alternate universe. In this alternate universe, the world is set in the Elizabethan era, and some of the characters from the Marvel Universe, such as Doctor Strange and Nick Fury, have been transported there by a mysterious force.
4082	the musical game that has the version of the idolmaster: live for you! is in what gameplay mode?	  The Idolmaster: Live For You! is a rhythm game, where players must hit notes in time with the music.
4083	how many comic book writers are professional singers?	  There are no known comic book writers who are professional singers.
4084	the measure of radiance in what measurement system is square kilometer ?	  Square kilometer is a unit of area, not of radiance, so there is no measure of radiance associated with it.
4085	ganbare goemon! karakuri dōchū was part of what video game compilation?	  Karakuri Dōchū was part of the Konami Antiques MSX Collection Vol. 2, released in Japan in 1997.
4086	the international system of units measurement system specifies what unit of specific energy?	  The international system of units (SI) measurement system specifies the unit of specific energy as the joule (J).
4087	what's the tv program that has the soundtrack whose artist is tangerine dream?	  The tv program is Stranger Things, which is a science fiction-horror series created by the Duffer Brothers and released on Netflix. The soundtrack for the series was composed by Kyle Dixon and Michael Stein of the band S U R V I V E, with additional music provided by Tangerine Dream.
4088	which category of drug formulation is fusarium oxysporum used as an active ingredient?	  Fusarium oxysporum is not typically used as an active ingredient in drug formulations. However, it is sometimes used as an active ingredient in agricultural and horticultural products, such as fungicides and insecticides.
4089	physical media, which is developed by namco bandai games america, was released where?	  The physical media of Namco Bandai Games America was released in North America.
4090	white album contains what type of content?	  The White Album is a compilation album by the English rock band the Beatles. It is a double album that consists of 30 songs, including rock and roll, pop, blues, country, and folk music.
4091	what was the name of the video game that influenced android one?	  The video game that influenced Android One was called Elite.
4092	chevrolet corvette c5 is of what platform?	  The Chevrolet Corvette C5 is based on the GM LS1 platform.
4093	which rail gauge has the least possible width smaller than 1372.0?	  The narrowest rail gauge is 1067 mm (42 inches).
4094	playstation¬æ3 is part of which video game platform family?	  PlayStation 3 is part of the PlayStation video game platform family.
4095	1.0 in teus is equivalent to what?	  1.0 TEU (Twenty-foot Equivalent Unit) is equivalent to a 20-foot shipping container.
4096	what contains quart (imperial) as volume unit?	  Quart (imperial) is a unit of volume commonly used to measure liquids such as beer, wine, milk, and oil. It is equal to 1.13 liters. Common items that measure in quarts include jugs of milk, bottles of beer, and cans of motor oil.
4097	what number of contraindications exist for hydroxyzine pamoate?	  There are no known contraindications for hydroxyzine pamoate.
4098	video games with the rating of everyone 10+ can be found where?	  Video games with the rating of Everyone 10+ can be found in most video game stores, as well as online retailers.
4099	which magazine has the issues of science fiction adventures, march 1958?	  The magazine that has the issue of Science Fiction Adventures, March 1958 is Galaxy Science Fiction.
4100	computer entertainment rating organizationis the video game in which who was the content descriptor?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the organization responsible for assigning content descriptors to video games.
4101	english units has what unit of moment of force?	  The unit of moment of force in the British Imperial System is the pound-foot (lb-ft).
4102	which election poll ended on 02/15/2012?	  The 2012 Republican Presidential Primary in Arizona.
4103	who is the tallest language creator?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it is impossible to measure the height of language creators.
4104	houki shinonono was created by whom?	  Houkou Shinonono was created by the Japanese light novel author, Chūgaku Akamatsu.
4105	professional athletics is a subject of which radio programs?	  Sports radio programs are likely to feature discussions about professional athletics. Examples of such programs include ESPN Radio, CBS Sports Radio, and Fox Sports Radio.
4106	how many compilations of video games did double fine develop?	  Double Fine has developed four compilations of video games: the Psychonauts: Double Fine Action Pack, Costume Quest and Stacking Double Pack, The Double Fine Bundle, and the Double Fine Adventure Bundle.
4107	what is the name of the person who owns the star?	  The name of the person who owns the star depends on the star in question. If the star is a star in the night sky, then no one owns it.
4108	who is the designer of the slowest roller coaster at santa cruz beach boardwalk?	  The Giant Dipper, the slowest roller coaster at Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk, was designed by Arthur Looff in 1924.
4109	the subject development of: the excimer laser sheath technique for embedded ivc filter removal is part of which written work?	  This subject development is not part of a written work, but rather is a technique used in medical procedures.
4110	what's the video game mod for gta:vice city?	  The most popular mod for GTA: Vice City is called Vice Cry: Remastered. It is a full graphical overhaul of the game, with improved textures, lighting, effects, and more.
4111	in which video games do victorious boxers: ippo's road to glory appear?	  Ippo's Road to Glory is a boxing game released exclusively for the PlayStation 2 in 2005.
4112	what is the number of exhibitions produced by penn center?	  Penn Center does not produce exhibitions. Penn Center is a historic site and museum located on St. Helena Island, South Carolina. It is dedicated to preserving the history and culture of the Gullah-Geechee people and the Sea Islands.
4113	which exhibition has the same exhibition curator with shift?	  The exhibition with the same curator as SHIFT is called "The Future is Now: Art and Technology in the 21st Century." It is curated by Dr. Joanne McNeil and is currently on view at the San Jose Museum of Art.
4114	the google play store supports which video game platform?	  The Google Play Store supports Android devices.
4115	manta has the same ride type as which roller coaster?	  The Manta roller coaster has the same ride type as the Kraken roller coaster, which is a steel inverted roller coaster.
4116	there was a file format that was extended from portable network graphics, what was it?	  The file format that was extended from Portable Network Graphics (PNG) is called Portable Network Graphics Plus (PNG+).
4117	what measurement systems is watt time unit of?	  The watt is a unit of power in the International System of Units (SI). It is equal to one joule per second.
4118	relative humidity is measured by what instrument?	  A hygrometer is the instrument used to measure relative humidity.
4119	4 is the number of career goals that which football player has?	  That depends on which football player you are referring to.
4120	name the function of foxwoods?	  Foxwoods Resort Casino is a hotel and casino complex owned and operated by the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation on their reservation located in Ledyard, Connecticut. The facilities offer a variety of entertainment and leisure activities, including gambling, shopping, dining, live entertainment, spa services, and more.
4121	good lord is the species of which fictional character?	  The Good Lord is a fictional character from the comic book series The Sandman, created by Neil Gaiman.
4122	which month has the first 3 days of the year?	  January
4123	maggie flynn (original broadway cast recording) is on the soundtrack of which play?	  Maggie Flynn is the original Broadway cast recording of the musical of the same name. The musical was written by Michael Stewart and composed by Marvin Hamlisch and lyrics by Edward Kleban. It premiered on Broadway in 1968.
4124	out of all of the theater producers which one weighs the most?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the weight of theater producers can vary greatly.
4125	terrapin gardens has which website been initiated from it?	  The official website for Terrapin Gardens is www.terrapingardens.com.
4126	name the unit of amount concentration that was used to measure in international system of units.	  Molarity (mol/L)
4127	which measuring instrument is a subclass of multibeam echosounder ?	  A multibeam echosounder is a type of sonar instrument that uses multiple beams of sound to create a detailed 3D image of the seafloor. A sub-class of multibeam echosounders is the swath multibeam echosounder, which is used to map large areas of the seafloor quickly and accurately.
4128	can you tell me what cloud has a minimum altitude that is less than or equal to 2400.0?	  Stratus clouds typically have minimum altitudes of up to 2400.0 meters.
4129	who designed goliath?	  Goliath was designed by the German company Krauss-Maffei in the early 1970s.
4130	vietnam war memorial wall is the subject of which broadcast genre of radio programs?	  The Vietnam War Memorial Wall is the subject of many different types of radio programs, including news reports, documentaries, interviews, and public affairs programs.
4131	ennichi no tatsujin can be classified under what genre of video games?	  Nenchuichi no Tatsujin is a rhythm game.
4132	nv philips gloeilampenfabrieken is the publisher of what video game?	  Philips Gloeilampenfabrieken does not appear to have published any video games.
4133	if i want to find a video game rating of r15, where should i look?	  You can look up the rating of a video game on the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) website. The ESRB is responsible for assigning age and content ratings to video games and other interactive media. On their website, you can search for a game by title or keyword and view its rating.
4134	what is the shortest track by the esperanza?	  The shortest track by Esperanza is "Volver" from her album Esperanza, which is 2 minutes and 18 seconds long.
4135	which one of the meteorite's mass is less than or equal to 5560.0?	  The meteorite with a mass of 4500.0.
4136	in hertz, what is used to describe a frequency of 1e+06?	  1e+06 hertz is equal to 1 megahertz (MHz).
4137	name the conference venue for millennium '73.	  The conference was held at the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi.
4138	what adaptation is adapted from easy money	  Easy Money is a 1983 American comedy film directed by James Signorelli and starring Rodney Dangerfield, Joe Pesci, Geraldine Fitzgerald, Candice Azzara, and Jennifer Jason Leigh. The film follows a struggling car salesman (Dangerfield) who is offered a large sum of money to be the middleman in a drug deal. The adaptation of Easy Money is a Swedish film of the same name released in 2010. Directed by Daniel Espinosa, the film stars Joel Kinnaman, Matias Varela, Dragomir Mrsic, Lisa Henni, and Magnus Krepper. The film follows JW (Kinnaman), a young man from a rough neighborhood who becomes a drug runner in order to make some quick cash.
4139	what region was the video game warmen tactics released?	  Warmen Tactics was released in North America and Europe.
4140	what is the greatest unit of frequency in relation to hertz?	  The greatest unit of frequency in relation to hertz is Terahertz (THz). It is equal to one trillion hertz.
4141	konami's baseball are games on which video game platform?	  Konami's baseball games are available on multiple video game platforms, including the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES), Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES), Sony PlayStation, Microsoft Xbox, and PC.
4142	islam has been founded by which founding father?	  The founder of Islam is the Prophet Muhammad.
4143	what occupation is done by both toby cavanaugh and peter parker?	  Both Toby Cavanaugh and Peter Parker are high school students.
4144	what kinds of amusement rides can be found in galaxyland?	  Galaxyland features over 25 thrilling rides, including the Mindbender, the world's largest indoor triple loop rollercoaster; the Cosmic Spinner, a spinning coaster; the Space Shot, a drop tower; the Galaxy Orbiter, a spinning pendulum ride; the Space Warp, a spinning ride; the Cosmic Revolution, a Ferris wheel; the Galaxy Glider, a flying coaster; the Cosmic Twister, a spinning rollercoaster; the Space Station, a family-friendly coaster; the Galaxy Racers, a go-kart track; the HyperSpin, a spinning disc ride; the Galaxy Express, a junior coaster; and the Galaxy Bounce, a trampoline ride.
4145	the r100 is created by which line?	  The R100 was created by the British airship company, R.100 Airship Ltd.
4146	what is the unit of volt per metre? 	  The unit of volt per metre is Volt/m.
4147	the breed temperament of raskal is what?	  The Raskal breed is known for its friendly and loyal temperament. They are very intelligent, active, and eager to please their owners. They are also very brave and have an independent streak, which makes them great watchdogs. They can be quite stubborn at times, but overall they are an affectionate and devoted breed.
4148	what is the name of the producer that created the radio program on firm?	  The producer of the radio program on Firm is Willa Taylor.
4149	which engine has a horsepower of 132.0?	  The Volkswagen 1.8L Turbocharged engine has a horsepower of 132.0.
4150	which unit of plane angle belongs the same measurement system as joule per kelvin?	  Radian.
4151	what is the name of the person that appointed members to united states district court for the western district of wisconsin?	  The current U.S. District Court Judge for the Western District of Wisconsin is Judge James D. Peterson, who was appointed by President Barack Obama in 2012.
4152	don mcdermott designs how many video games?	  Don Mcdermott has not designed any video games.
4153	josh caterer supported what musical artist?	  Josh Caterer is the lead singer and guitarist of the punk rock band The Smoking Popes. He has performed and collaborated with a variety of artists, including The Ataris, Alkaline Trio, Reggie and the Full Effect, and Fall Out Boy.
4154	what series of conferences are sponsored by o'reilly?	  O'Reilly Media sponsors a series of conferences, including:  - O'Reilly Open Source Convention (OSCON) - O'Reilly Strata Conference + Hadoop World - O'Reilly Velocity Conference - O'Reilly Fluent Conference - O'Reilly Solid Conference - O'Reilly Design Conference - O'Reilly Artificial Intelligence Conference - O'Reilly Software Architecture Conference - O'Reilly Security Conference - O'Reilly Data Show - O'Reilly AI Conference - O'Reilly Software Practice Advancement Conference - O'Reilly Money: Tech Finance Conference
4155	the international system of unitsmeasures which unit of electric flux density?	  The international system of units (SI) measures electric flux density in units of tesla (T).
4156	the system of measurement international system of units contains which unit of moment of force?	  The international system of units (SI) contains the unit of moment of force, which is the newton-meter (N-m).
4157	in what countries is the version developed by sonicteam and distributed through sonic cafe released?	  The version of Sonic Cafe developed by SonicTeam is only available in Japan.
4158	what unit is used to measure pressure in metre–tonne–second system of units?	  The unit used to measure pressure in the metre–tonne–second system of units is the pascal (Pa).
4159	which video game expansion has the latest initial release date?	  The latest initial release date for a video game expansion is for The Elder Scrolls Online: Greymoor, which was released on May 18, 2020.
4160	the flux in lumes is 1.0 for which unit of luminous flux?	  The unit of luminous flux is lumens (lm).
4161	game gear is the platform of which video game version?	  Sega Game Gear is a handheld video game console released by Sega in 1990.
4162	what does bassist do for a career?	  A bassist is a musician who plays the bass guitar, a stringed instrument that provides the low-end sound in many different genres of music. Bassists typically play a variety of roles within a band, including providing the foundation of the rhythm section, playing melodic lines, and helping to create the overall sound of the band. They may also be responsible for writing and arranging music, as well as performing live.
4163	1.0 kilograms per cubic meter is equal to what unit density?	  1.0 kilogram per cubic meter is equal to 1 kilogram per liter as a unit of density.
4164	in athens, greece, what olympic games were hosted?	  The 2004 Summer Olympics were hosted in Athens, Greece.
4165	what unit of absorbed is the same as 0.01 dose in grays?	  0.01 dose in grays is equivalent to 0.01 gray (Gy) of absorbed dose.
4166	the wii ware supports what video game platform?	  The WiiWare supports the Nintendo Wii video game platform.
4167	what are the video games developed by axcho?	  Axcho is an independent game development studio based in Los Angeles, California. They have developed several video games, including:  - Super Punchman - Super Punchman 2 - Flappy Bird - Tower of Babel - Bouncy Bunnies - Witch & Wizard - Spellsword - Neon Drive - Flappy Bird 2 - Space Invaders: Unplugged - Space Invaders: Reloaded - Space Invaders: Recharged - The Great Paper Adventure - Super Punchman 3D
4168	how many species of lafayette exist?	  There is only one species of Lafayette, which is a subspecies of the eastern gray squirrel (Sciurus carolinensis lafayettei).
4169	the adaption from man hunt is what adaption from adapted work?	  An adaptation from an adapted work is a new version of an existing work that has been changed in some way. This could include changes to the plot, characters, setting, dialogue, and other elements.
4170	what video game is released in 03/08/2004?	  The video game released on 03/08/2004 is Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.
4171	the successor agency of national aeronautic and space administration was which government agency?	  The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) was succeeded by the United States Space Force, which is a branch of the United States Armed Forces.
4172	in 1995-04-25, which video game was released?	  The original PlayStation console was released on December 3, 1994. The first game released for the console was Ridge Racer on December 3, 1994.
4173	which unit of length is affiliated with a measurement system whose mass units include stone?	  The Imperial system of measurement, which uses stone as a mass unit, uses feet and inches as its units of length.
4174	what is the name of the leader of ukrainian autocephalous orthodox church canonical, the religion that worships at the bonn minster?	  The leader of the Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church Canonical is Metropolitan Epifaniy (Dumenko).
4175	mechanical engineering is the business operation of what?	  Mechanical engineering is the application of physical principles for the design, analysis, manufacturing, and maintenance of mechanical systems. It involves the production and usage of heat and mechanical power for the design, production, and operation of machines and tools.
4176	name the sponsors of devreach conference.	  The sponsors of DevReach Conference include Microsoft, Telerik, JetBrains, Progress, Erwin, Infragistics, DevExpress, and ComponentOne.
4177	lm is the luminous flux unit of what measurement system?	  The lm (lumen) is a unit of luminous flux in the International System of Units (SI).
4178	how many language types does the fictional setting of lemurian windows into any place or time have?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the fictional setting of Lemurian Windows into Any Place or Time is not specified.
4179	what is the unit of inverse temperature means the temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins is greater or equal to 1e-06?	  The unit of inverse temperature is Kelvin (K). The temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins is a measure of the rate of change of temperature with respect to a change in inverse kelvins. It is typically expressed as a value greater than or equal to 1e-06.
4180	an ingredient usually present in focaccia is incompatible with what dietary restriction?	  Focaccia is not typically compatible with a gluten-free diet, as it is made with wheat flour.
4181	what is the name of the unit of length that is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include g?	  The unit of length associated with the metric system, whose mass units include grams, is the meter.
4182	what game version for the balance board supports the north american continent region?	  The Wii Balance Board is compatible with the North American region on all versions of the Wii console.
4183	he issue number 127 belongs to which comic book issue?	  This is not a specific comic book issue. The number 127 is used to identify different comics, such as Marvel's "Uncanny X-Men" #127, DC's "Superman" #127, and Image's "Spawn" #127.
4184	what subatomic particle is in the same family as the top antiquark?	  The bottom antiquark.
4185	strabane is the terminuses of which railway?	  The Strabane railway station is the terminus of the Belfast-Derry railway line.
4186	who designed sherlock: the riddle of the crown jewels	  Sherlock: The Riddle of the Crown Jewels was created by the British game developer Big Fish Games.
4187	what order of chivalry was founded by king frederick i of prussia?	  The Order of the Black Eagle (Hohenzollern House Order of Hohenzollern) was founded by King Frederick I of Prussia in 1701.
4188	who's the tallest language creator?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on the individual language creator.
4189	on apr. the 4th, 2011 which radio program was first broadcasted?	  The first radio program to be broadcasted was "The Voice of Firestone" on April 4th, 1929.
4190	what are the video games in the platform of wii?	  Some of the most popular video games for the Wii platform are:  1. Mario Kart Wii 2. Super Smash Bros. Brawl 3. Wii Sports 4. Wii Play 5. The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess 6. New Super Mario Bros. Wii 7. Mario Party 8 8. Wii Fit 9. Wii Sports Resort 10. Super Mario Galaxy
4191	what is the unit of data transmission that has a rate in bits per second bigger than 1000.0?	  The unit of data transmission with a rate bigger than 1000.0 bits per second is the megabit per second (Mbps).
4192	zoltan somogyi developed what programming language?	  Zoltan Somogyi is best known for developing the programming language Mozart, a concurrent, object-oriented language based on the Oz language.
4193	warcraft iii: the frozen throne has what video game mod added to it?	  The most popular mod for Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne is Defense of the Ancients (DotA). This mod has become a genre of its own, with many other games being based on DotA's mechanics and gameplay.
4194	what region did success publish the latest released version of its game?	  Success Corporation has released the latest version of its game worldwide.
4195	what types of wines are produced in sori bricco vineyard?	  Sori Bricco Vineyard produces a range of red and white wines, including Barbera, Nebbiolo, Dolcetto, Chardonnay, and Moscato.
4196	james tiptree jr. is the subject of what written work?	  James Tiptree Jr. is the subject of "The Double Life of Alice B. Sheldon: The Woman Behind Science Fiction's Most Notorious Pen Name", a biography written by Julie Phillips.
4197	the dk bongos is required in order to play which musical video game?	  The dk bongos are required to play the Donkey Konga series of musical video games.
4198	the locus of 17 + [50697369,50755885] belongs to what chromosome?	  The locus of 17 + [50697369,50755885] belongs to chromosome 6.
4199	computer security is the subject of which legal case?	  The legal case of United States v. Morris (1996) is considered to be the first major cyber security legal case in the United States. The case involved the release of a computer worm into the internet by Robert Tappan Morris, a computer science graduate student. Morris was convicted of violating the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act and was sentenced to three years of probation, 400 hours of community service, and a fine of $10,000.
4200	where can i find the genomic locus in chromosome 5?	  The exact genomic locus in chromosome 5 will depend on the specific gene or region of interest. To find the exact location of a gene or region on chromosome 5, you can use a genome browser such as Ensembl, NCBI Genome Browser, or UCSC Genome Browser.
4201	what is the largest unit of force in terms of newton?	  The largest unit of force in terms of newton is the meganewton (MN), which is equal to one million newtons.
4202	a square shape drug is what manufactured drug?	  There is no such thing as a "square shape drug."
4203	5 is the minimum typical age for which grade level?	  Grade 5 typically corresponds to ages 10-11.
4204	in meters per second squared, which unit of acceleration has the smallest acceleration?	  Millimeters per second squared (mm/s^2) has the smallest acceleration.
4205	metaplex falls under what video game genre?	  Metaplex is an action-puzzle game.
4206	what drug formulation category uses levocarnitine as an active ingredient?	  Levocarnitine is a dietary supplement, so it does not have a drug formulation category.
4207	fresh air: may 21, 2002 is an episode of what radio segment?	  The episode of May 21, 2002 was an episode of the radio segment This American Life, hosted by Ira Glass.
4208	object management group developed which programming language?	  The Object Management Group (OMG) did not develop a programming language. They are an international, open membership, not-for-profit technology standards consortium. They develop standards for distributed object computing, but do not develop any programming languages themselves.
4209	what is used to measure international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) is the modern form of the metric system and is used to measure length, mass, temperature, time, electric current, luminous intensity, and other physical quantities.
4210	the playstation has what video game expansions?	  The PlayStation has a variety of downloadable content (DLC) expansions available for its games. Examples of downloadable content expansions include additional levels, characters, weapons, items, and other content.
4211	panta rhei is the successor engine to what video game?	  Panta Rhei is the successor engine to the PlayStation 3 game engine, known as the Cell Broadband Engine.
4212	what was the radio episode that was about the battle of lexington and concord?	  The episode of the radio show "The American Revolution" that focused on the Battle of Lexington and Concord was titled "The Shot Heard Round the World".
4213	which steam locomotive class has a wheel configuration of 0-6-2?	  The 0-6-2 wheel configuration is used for the 2-6-2 Prairie steam locomotive class.
4214	which game supports zilog z80?	  The most popular game that supports the Zilog Z80 processor is the classic 8-bit video game, Space Invaders. Other popular titles include Pac-Man, Frogger, and Donkey Kong.
4215	what measurement system has the lm as its unit of luminous flux?	  The lumen (lm) is the unit of luminous flux in the International System of Units (SI).
4216	which conference series are sponsored by pls inc?	  PLS Inc. does not appear to sponsor any specific conference series. However, they do host and sponsor a number of events and conferences related to their services, such as the PLS Global Summit and the PLS Learning Series.
4217	what game supports 200 mhz cpu?	  There are a variety of classic and retro games that can be played on a 200 MHz CPU, including Wolfenstein 3D, Doom, Duke Nukem 3D, Command & Conquer, Settlers 2, and Civilization 2.
4218	what video amusement extensions exist on the sony ps2?	  Some of the popular video game extensions for the Sony PS2 include: Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas, Final Fantasy X, Kingdom Hearts, Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty, Tekken 5, Devil May Cry 3, Pro Evolution Soccer 6, and Gran Turismo 4.
4219	what is a holiday of christian faith and is related to christmastide?	  Advent is a Christian holiday that marks the beginning of the liturgical season of Christmastide. It is a time of preparation and anticipation for the celebration of the birth of Jesus.
4220	what is the unit of molar heat capacity in international system of units?	  The unit of molar heat capacity in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per kelvin per mole (J/K⋅mol).
4221	purchased juice is the fruit source of what kind of wine?	  Fruit juice can be used to make a wide variety of wines, including white, red, rosé, and sparkling wines.
4222	which film producer has a weight of at most 57.0?	  There are no specific film producers with a weight of 57.0.
4223	which software is developed by simile?	  Simile is a software company that develops the Simile Widgets library, a collection of open source JavaScript widgets for visualizing and interacting with data on the web.
4224	which unit of moment of force contains the si base unit of torques?	  The SI unit of moment of force is the Newton-meter (Nm). It contains the SI base unit of torque, the Newton-meter (Nm).
4225	which radio episode segment has an episode questioning the millenium?	  The episode segment is called "Millennium: What Will the Future Bring?" and it is part of the "This American Life" radio show.
4226	what is the content type of album le bossu / concierto por la tierra?	  The content type of the album Le Bossu / Concierto por la Tierra is a Latin music album.
4227	the slowest roller coaster at japan was designed by who?	  The slowest roller coaster at Japan is the "Himawari" at Yomiuriland. It was designed by Togo Murano, a Japanese roller coaster designer.
4228	in pan-european game information who is the video game content descriptor?	  The Pan European Game Information (PEGI) is the video game content descriptor for Europe. It is responsible for rating video games, providing age recommendations, and assigning content descriptors for games released in Europe.
4229	what broadcast genre in radio would programs containing the subject of vietnam vet fall under?	  Programs containing the subject of Vietnam vets would likely fall under the broadcast genre of talk radio.
4230	sexists belongs to the subject of which legal case?	  The legal case is known as the "Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009". The case was brought by Lily Ledbetter, a former employee of Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., who alleged that she experienced gender-based pay discrimination over the course of her 19-year employment with the company.
4231	the government of state of california is what?	  The government of the State of California is a republican constitutional republic, with three branches of government: executive, legislative, and judicial. The state is led by a governor elected by the people, and its legislature is a bicameral body composed of the Assembly and Senate. The state's judicial branch is composed of the Supreme Court of California, the California Court of Appeal, and the California Superior Courts.
4232	don mcdermott has designed how many video games?	  Don McDermott has not designed any video games.
4233	the playstation network store distributed which video game version?	  The PlayStation Network Store distributes digital versions of video games for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, and PlayStation Portable consoles.
4234	proceedings of the gray vireo symposium co-sponsored by the new mexico department of game and fish and the new mexico ornithological society has what conference event?	  The Gray Vireo Symposium is an ornithological conference event.
4235	which politician once attended the college unc student radio?	  Former North Carolina Senator Kay Hagan attended the College UNC Student Radio while she was a student at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
4236	what internet protocols utilize firefox software?	  Firefox supports the following Internet protocols: HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, FTPS, SMTP, NNTP, IMAP, and POP3.
4237	football player loan from rio ave f.c. was borrowed by which football player?	  The specific football player who was loaned from Rio Ave F.C. is not currently known.
4238	blang language is spoken by what ethnicity of people?	  Klingon is an artificial language created for the Star Trek franchise and is not spoken by any real-life ethnic group.
4239	rugby was coached by whom?	  Rugby is most often coached by a qualified rugby coach who has completed the requisite coaching qualifications. Depending on the level of play, the coach may have experience in the professional game, or may have played rugby at a collegiate or amateur level.
4240	what is the number of collectable items in a pinny arcade?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of collectable items in a pinny arcade can vary depending on the type of pinny arcade and the items available.
4241	what is the smallest unit of time in seconds?	  The smallest unit of time in seconds is the Planck time, which is approximately 5.39 x 10^-44 seconds.
4242	what are the units of power associated with the measurement system that uses henries?	  The units of power associated with the measurement system that uses henries are watts (W).
4243	the unit of radioactivity with the largest radioactivity in becquerels is what?	  The unit of radioactivity with the largest radioactivity in becquerels is the terabecquerel (TBq).
4244	which court jurisdiction is the place where the latest buried person died?	  The court jurisdiction of the place where the latest buried person died would depend on the laws of the particular jurisdiction in which the person died.
4245	a measurement system whose volumetric heat capacity units is joule per cubic metre per kelvin has what unit of length?	  The unit of length would be metres.
4246	t206 has how many collectable items?	  There are over 600 collectable items in the game Animal Crossing: New Horizons for Nintendo Switch.
4247	what unit of energy is equal to the same measurement system as cumecs?	  The unit of energy that is equal to the same measurement system as cumecs is the joule.
4248	in international system of units, what is the unit for the amount of substance?	  The unit for the amount of substance in the International System of Units is the mole (symbol: mol).
4249	how many organizations in fiction appear in earth-11052?	  There is no record of any organizations in fiction appearing in Earth-11052.
4250	a character based on ischade, necromant, character created by c.j. cherryh has what medical condition?	  It is not possible to answer this question as Ischade, the character created by C.J. Cherryh, does not have any known medical condition.
4251	name the measurement system becquerels is the readioactivity unit.	
4252	on the calendar what months have sep in the name?	  September
4253	is federico auditore da firenze male or female?	  Male
4254	what ethnicity does the group quileute belong to?	  The Quileute are a Native American tribe of the Pacific Northwest Coast, part of the Coast Salish peoples.
4255	which roller coasters have a capacity of 1900 and lasts less than 205.8	 seconds  1. The Incredible Hulk Coaster at Universal's Islands of Adventure (Orlando, FL) 2. Goliath at Six Flags Great America (Gurnee, IL) 3. Nitro at Six Flags Great Adventure (Jackson, NJ) 4. Maverick at Cedar Point (Sandusky, OH) 5. Xcelerator at Knott's Berry Farm (Buena Park, CA) 6. Batman: The Ride at Six Flags Over Georgia (Austell, GA) 7. Millennium Force at Cedar Point (Sandusky, OH) 8. Apollo's Chariot at Busch Gardens Williamsburg (Williamsburg, VA) 9. Superman: Ultimate Flight at Six Flags Over Georgia (Austell, GA) 10. Diamondback at Kings Island (Mason, OH)
4256	what gameplay mode is used in the video game that supports steel battalion controller?	  The Steel Battalion controller is compatible with the "Simulation Mode" in the video game.
4257	what is the unit of power in the measurement system which includes ampere per metre?	  The unit of power in the Ampere per metre measurement system is Watts (W).
4258	which locomotives have a class of british rail class 332?	  The British Rail Class 332 is a type of electric multiple unit (EMU) operated by Southeastern.
4259	which organism has parent rocket bar?	  Rocket Bar is a hybrid cultivar of the apple tree (Malus domestica).
4260	which pedigreed animal has the same children as pharamond ii?	  Pharamond II does not have any children, so no other pedigreed animal has the same children.
4261	the person who founded the royal dockyard also founded what government agency?	  The person who founded the Royal Dockyard, Samuel Pepys, also founded the Admiralty Board, the government agency responsible for the administration of the Royal Navy.
4262	1.0 watts per square meter equals what unit of irradiance?	  1.0 watts per square meter is equal to 1.0 W/m2 of irradiance.
4263	which chromosome is at the locus of 20 + [29922165,29996424]?	  Chromosome 20
4264	what is the unit of mass in the same measurement system as gray per second?	  The unit of mass in the same measurement system as gray per second is the kilogram.
4265	name the unit of specific heat capacity in united states customary units?	  The unit of specific heat capacity in United States customary units is British Thermal Units per Pound-degree Fahrenheit (Btu/lb-°F).
4266	tyrian uses what video game engine?	  Tyrian is a 2D shoot 'em up game that runs on the SDL (Simple DirectMedia Layer) game engine.
4267	what video game platform is supported by ios app store	  The App Store for iOS devices supports games for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch.
4268	1.0 amperes per square meter is the measurement of what density unit?	  Amperes per square meter is the measurement of current density.
4269	st. vincent's healthcare has what legal structure?	  St. Vincent's Healthcare is a non-profit organization with a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt status.
4270	which medical specialty deals with the associated diseases or conditions of pharyngitis?	  The medical specialty that deals with the associated diseases or conditions of pharyngitis is otolaryngology (also known as ENT).
4271	what unit of moment of force is the si base unit of torque curve?	  The SI base unit of torque is the Newton-meter (Nm).
4272	what is the unit of permittivity of international system of units?	  The unit of permittivity in the International System of Units (SI) is the farad per meter (F/m).
4273	name the sports team that plays box lacrosse.	  The Toronto Rock is a professional box lacrosse team that plays in the National Lacrosse League.
4274	what ethnicity of people do speak cashibo-cacataibo language?	  The Cashibo-Cacataibo language is spoken by the indigenous Cashibo-Cacataibo people of the Peruvian Amazon.
4275	which musical genre contains the albums of kidz bop?	  Kidz Bop is a series of compilation albums featuring children singing popular songs. The music genre of the albums is primarily pop.
4276	which video game has the soundtracks of gran turismo 4 kicks?	  Gran Turismo 4 does not have any soundtracks. It does, however, have a wide variety of music tracks from various genres and artists.
4277	measuring instrument that has subclasses including gravimeter has what dimension?	  The dimension of a gravimeter is acceleration (usually measured in g-forces).
4278	the locus of 12 + [74071155,74104086] belongs to what chromosome?	  The locus of 12 + [74071155,74104086] belongs to Chromosome 12.
4279	what christanity-based holiday is a part of 12 days of christmas?	  The 12 Days of Christmas is a Christian-based holiday that celebrates the Nativity of Jesus. It begins on December 25th (Christmas Day) and ends on January 6th (Epiphany or Three Kings Day).
4280	what rocket engines are able to thrust 1.1025e+06?	  The SpaceX Merlin 1D rocket engine is capable of thrusting 1.1025e+06 Newtons (250,000 lbf).
4281	hms vigilant was built by what ship builder?	  HMS Vigilant was built by the BAE Systems Maritime – Naval Ships division in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England.
4282	what video games were released on the doja platform?	  Some of the most popular games released on the DoJa platform include:  -Tetris -The Tower of Druaga -Konami's Frogger -Dragon Ball Z: The Legacy of Goku -Pac-Man -Space Invaders -Metal Gear Solid: Digital Graphic Novel -Gradius -Dynasty Warriors -Kururin Paradise -Konami's Dance Dance Revolution -GuitarFreaks -Puzzle Bobble -Gals Fighters -Mega Man Battle Network -Konami's Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game
4283	what is the number of collectable items in a star wars trading card?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of collectable items in a Star Wars trading card varies depending on the set and the manufacturer.
4284	who's locomotive class has a maximum speed of 220.0?	  The Shinkansen E5 series is a Japanese high-speed electric multiple unit train which has a maximum speed of 220.0 km/h (136.7 mph).
4285	which catalytic concentration unit is used to show the concentration in 1.0 katal per cubic meter?	  The unit used to show the concentration in 1.0 katal per cubic meter is mol/L (moles per liter).
4286	international system of units has what for its electric charge density?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the coulomb per cubic meter (C/m3) as its unit of electric charge density.
4287	the us customs and border protection is maintained by what government service?	  The U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is part of the Department of Homeland Security.
4288	how many roseville pottery company collectible items are there?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of Roseville Pottery Company collectible items is constantly changing.
4289	what category does sugar barbie doll have?	  Sugar Barbie Dolls are part of the Barbie Collectibles line, which is a subset of the Barbie Dolls category.
4290	what is the unit of length in english units?	  The basic unit of length in English units is the inch.
4291	which video games was supported by james bond video games?	  The James Bond video game franchise includes titles such as:   * 007 Legends  * GoldenEye 007  * James Bond 007: Nightfire  * James Bond 007: Everything or Nothing  * James Bond 007: Agent Under Fire  * James Bond 007: The World Is Not Enough  * James Bond 007: Quantum of Solace  * James Bond 007: Blood Stone  * James Bond 007: From Russia with Love
4292	what class of electric locomotives was introduced most recently?	  The most recent class of electric locomotives is the Siemens Charger, which was introduced in 2015.
4293	1.0 lux is the illuminance unit of?	  1.0 lux is the illuminance unit of luminous flux per unit area. It is used to measure the intensity of light at a given area.
4294	the largest gauge (mm) is in which steam locomotive class?	  The largest gauge (mm) is used in the Russian 2-10-0 (Decapod) steam locomotive class.
4295	joule per mole per kelvin is a measurement system of which molar heat capacity unit?	  The molar heat capacity unit is joules per mole kelvin (J/mol·K).
4296	the videogame rating council gave what video game rating?	  The Video Game Rating Council (VRC) is responsible for assigning ratings to video games and apps. The ratings range from Early Childhood (EC) to Adults Only (AO).
4297	name the unit of temperature with the smallest zero point in kelvins	  The unit of temperature with the smallest zero point in kelvins is the Planck temperature, which has a zero point of 1.4 x 10^-32 kelvins.
4298	when using the measurement sytem of joule per mole per kelvin what is the unit of volume called?	  The unit of volume in the Joule per mole per Kelvin measurement system is the liter.
4299	the genomic locus in chromosome 7 (human) can be found where?	  The genomic locus in chromosome 7 (human) can be found at 7q11.23.
4300	becquerels is a radioctivity unit within which system of measurement?	  The becquerel is a unit of radioactivity in the International System of Units (SI).
4301	what is the category of engine continental t51?	  The Continental T51 is a four-cylinder, air-cooled, horizontally opposed aircraft engine. It is classified as a light aircraft engine, used primarily in small, single-engine aircraft.
4302	what is the number of comic book writers whose profession is science-fiction writer?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on the individual comic book writers and their individual writing styles.
4303	what is the conference subject of seneca falls convention?	  The Seneca Falls Convention was the first women's rights convention in the United States. The convention was held in Seneca Falls, New York, from July 19–20, 1848. The convention was organized by Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Lucretia Mott, and Martha Wright, and its purpose was to discuss the social, civil, and religious rights of women.
4304	1852.0 is the base elevation for what particular ski lift?	  The ski lift is the K-18 Chairlift located at the Whitefish Mountain Resort in Montana, USA.
4305	on 07/07/1989, which video game was initially released?	  The first video game to be released was Super Mario Bros. for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) on July 15, 1985.
4306	1.0 watts per square meter is equivalent to what unit of irradiance?	  1.0 watts per square meter is equivalent to 1.0 W/m^2 of irradiance.
4307	the video game i am alive uses what engine?	  The game I Am Alive uses the Unreal Engine 3.
4308	katal per cubic metre is used by what measurement system as the catalytic concentration unit?	  The SI (International System of Units) uses the katal per cubic metre (kat/m3) as the catalytic concentration unit.
4309	questioning the millennium: a rationalist's guide to a precisely arbitrary countdown is a featured subject on what radio episode?	  The episode is called "Questioning the Millennium: A Rationalist's Guide to a Precisely Arbitrary Countdown" and it aired on the BBC Radio 4 show, "The Infinite Monkey Cage."
4310	who is the artist of the martial art wing chun?	  Wing Chun was developed by a Buddhist nun named Ng Mui, who is believed to have been a master of Shaolin Kung Fu.
4311	what number of media genres have the parent genre of hentai?	  There are many different types of hentai media genres, including manga, anime, visual novels, video games, and more.
4312	teriparatide is a contraindication for what medical treatment?	  Teriparatide is a contraindication for the use of bisphosphonates, which are medications used to treat osteoporosis.
4313	what is the gameplay mode of the sims: makin' magic?	  The gameplay mode of The Sims: Makin' Magic is a single-player story mode. In this mode, players take control of a Sim and guide them through a magical world of spells, charms, and potions. Players must complete various tasks and quests to progress through the game. Along the way, they can also collect magical ingredients and items to craft powerful spells and potions.
4314	what fuel is used by nissan 3.7l 6 cylinder 332 hp 270 ft-lbs?	  The Nissan 3.7L 6 cylinder 332 hp 270 ft-lbs engine uses gasoline as its fuel.
4315	what ethnicity of people do speak lebanese?	  Lebanese people are ethnically diverse, with the majority of the population being of Arab, Armenian, and Phoenician descent.
4316	gwr metropolitan class belongs to which locomotive class?	  The GWR Metropolitan Class belongs to the 4-4-0 steam locomotive class.
4317	what was the producer's name who produced the radio program on paris, france?	  The producer of the radio program on Paris, France is not specified.
4318	what kingdom is ruled by a royal line preceding house of wettin?	  The Kingdom of Saxony was ruled by the House of Wettin.
4319	henries is the inductance units of which measurement system?	  The henry is the unit of inductance in the International System of Units (SI).
4320	what is the name of the measurement system which uses the heat capacity units of joule per kelvin?	  The measurement system that uses the heat capacity units of joule per kelvin is called the Joule-Kelvin (J-K) system.
4321	what is the name of the exhibition that has the same exhibition curator with y lle celf?	  The exhibition with the same exhibition curator as Y Lle Celf is called 'Y Lle Celf: Art from Wales'.
4322	which unit of specific heat capacity shares a measurement system with volts?	  Joules per Kelvin (J/K).
4323	the dst offset from utc is more than 3.0 in which time zone?	  The time zone would be Atlantic Standard Time (AST) or Amazon Standard Time (AMT).
4324	the sport competitor roxana popa is from which country?	  Roxana Popa is from Romania.
4325	what was the name of the martial artist who was a student of donnie williams?	  The martial artist who was a student of Donnie Williams was Bruce Lee.
4326	which engine has a horsepower of 630.0?	  The Mercedes-AMG S63 4MATIC+ has a 630.0 horsepower engine.
4327	which court has the legal case american insurance co. v. 356 bales of cotton?	  The case American Insurance Co. v. 356 Bales of Cotton was heard by the United States Supreme Court.
4328	the measurement system which contains the unit megafarad also contains what unit of mass?	  The measurement system which contains the unit megafarad does not contain any unit of mass.
4329	the troy ounce system uses what as a unit for mass?	  The troy ounce system uses the troy ounce (abbreviated oz t) as a unit of mass.
4330	the person who founded the nahal also founded which agencies?	  The person who founded the Nahal (Israel Defense Forces' paramilitary Nahal corps) was Yitzhak Rabin. He also founded the Mossad (Israeli intelligence agency), the Shin Bet (internal security agency), and the Israel Atomic Energy Commission.
4331	the southwest academic conference conference is what type of conference?	  The Southwest Academic Conference is an academic conference for scholars and researchers from the region of the United States known as the Southwest. It typically focuses on topics related to the humanities, social sciences, and education, among others.
4332	which unit of length has the maximum distance in meters?	  The kilometer (km) has the maximum distance in meters, with 1 km equal to 1000 meters.
4333	which video game designer helped design video games that are a part of the lost planet series series?	  The primary designer of the Lost Planet series is Jun Takeuchi, the former head of Capcom Production Studio 1. He was the producer for the first two games in the series, Lost Planet: Extreme Condition and Lost Planet 2.
4334	the creators of wma's most recently released browser was called what?	  The most recently released browser from Microsoft is called Microsoft Edge.
4335	how does taiwanese units of measurement measure length?	  Taiwanese units of measurement measure length using the chi, a traditional Chinese linear unit. One chi is equal to approximately 33 centimeters (13 inches).
4336	which grade level has the typical age (minimum) of 8?	  The typical age of 8 would typically correspond to 2nd grade.
4337	hyper-v backup software is a software of what genre?	  Hyper-V backup software is a type of data backup software.
4338	yo! company is owned by which hotel brand?	  YO! Company is owned by Yotel, a hotel brand that specializes in providing luxury hotel experiences in compact spaces.
4339	what's the status of the websites owned by us office of personnel management?	  The websites owned by the US Office of Personnel Management are currently operating normally.
4340	katal per cubic metre is used as the catalytic concentration unit for which measurement system?	  The katal per cubic metre is used in the International System of Units (SI).
4341	the international system of units has what unit for electric flux density.	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the unit of tesla (T) for electric flux density.
4342	which radio programs focus on music?	  1. Top 40 Radio 2. Classic Rock Radio 3. Country Music Radio 4. Pop Music Radio 5. Jazz Radio 6. Hip-Hop Radio 7. Indie Rock Radio 8. EDM Radio 9. Soul Music Radio 10. Reggae Radio
4343	the measurement system of international system of units uses what?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the seven base units of the metric system: the meter (m), the kilogram (kg), the second (s), the ampere (A), the kelvin (K), the mole (mol), and the candela (cd).
4344	in our time is produced by what broadcast producer?	  Our Time with Bill Whitaker is produced by CBS News.
4345	edinburg regional medical center specializes in this medical specialty, which physicians also specialize in this field?	  The Yekaterinburg Regional Medical Center specializes in cardiology, with physicians specializing in cardiac surgery, interventional cardiology, electrophysiology, and cardiovascular imaging.
4346	1.0 katal per cubic meter was what unit of catalytic concentration?	  Katal per cubic meter is a unit of catalytic activity, not concentration.
4347	what is the gameplay mode of wow wotlk?	  World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King (WotLK) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) that allows players to explore the world of Azeroth and battle monsters, complete quests, and interact with other players. The game has two main gameplay modes: Player versus Environment (PvE) and Player versus Player (PvP). In PvE, players work together to complete quests, explore dungeons, and battle against computer-controlled enemies. In PvP, players can engage in combat against other players in arenas and battlegrounds.
4348	international games system published what video game?	  International Games System (IGS) is a Taiwanese video game company that publishes a variety of video games for various platforms, including PC, mobile, and console. Some of their most popular titles include the fighting games The King of Fighters and Samurai Shodown, the puzzle game Puyo Puyo, and the action-adventure game My Hero One's Justice.
4349	what holiday is related to easter week and is a holiday of western christian church?	  Good Friday.
4350	the language czech language is spoken by which ethnic group?	  The Czech language is spoken by the Czech ethnic group.
4351	what is the propulsion system of a roller coaster wit the tiniest track length?	  The propulsion system for a roller coaster with the tiniest track length is typically a chain lift hill. This type of lift hill utilizes a large chain that wraps around the track and pulls the coaster up the hill. Once at the top, the coaster is released and gravity takes over, propelling the coaster down the track.
4352	which video game designer designed the video game which is part of tloz?	  The Legend of Zelda series was designed by Shigeru Miyamoto.
4353	microsoft corporation publishes which video game?	  Microsoft publishes a variety of video games, including popular franchises such as Halo, Gears of War, Forza, Age of Empires, and Minecraft.
4354	the frequency of 8.27e-07 in hertz is described by what?	  8.27e-07 hertz is a frequency in the range of radio waves, also known as ultra-low frequency (ULF).
4355	what is the number of organizations in fiction within the madman universe?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the Madman Universe is a fictional universe and the number of organizations within it is not fixed.
4356	the cable length is a frame for measurement in what system?	  The cable length is typically measured in meters or feet.
4357	what us the name of the conference series that focuses on ieee visualization?	  The IEEE Visualization Conference (VIS) is the flagship conference series of the IEEE Visualization and Graphics Technical Committee.
4358	which team plays the sport of sledge hockey?	  Sledge hockey is played by teams in many countries around the world. Some of the most prominent teams include Canada, the United States, Sweden, Finland, Norway, and Russia.
4359	anchor oyster bar and seafood market and chili's serve what kind of cuisine?	  Anchor Oyster Bar and Seafood Market serves seafood and other American cuisine, while Chili's serves Tex-Mex and American cuisine.
4360	fx interactive published what video game version?	  EA Sports UFC 2
4361	british rail class 43 (hst) was built buy which locomotive builder?	  The British Rail Class 43 High Speed Train (HST) was built by BREL (British Rail Engineering Limited).
4362	what was the video game region that sonic adventure 2 battle was released in?	  Sonic Adventure 2 Battle was released in North America, Europe, and Japan.
4363	what tv series has 595 episodes?	  The Simpsons.
4364	what wine type is the 2005 talley "stone corral vineyard" edna valley estate pinot noir?	  The 2005 Talley "Stone Corral Vineyard" Edna Valley Estate Pinot Noir is a Red Wine.
4365	what kinds of amusement rides can be found in canobie lake park?	  Canobie Lake Park features more than 85 rides, including:  - Timberland Twister roller coaster  - Yankee Cannonball wooden roller coaster - Corkscrew, a steel roller coaster - Canobie Coaster, a junior steel coaster - Canobie Run, a water coaster - Canobie Express, a kiddie coaster - Pirate Ship, a swinging pirate ship ride - Canobie Carousel, a classic carousel - Canobie 500, a go-kart track - Canobie Corkscrew, a spinning ride - Canobie Flyer, a sky ride - Canobie Train, a miniature train ride - Canobie Canoe, a log flume ride - Canobie Drop, a vertical drop tower ride - Canobie Twirl, a spinning tea cup ride - Canobie Spin, a spinning disk ride - Canobie Bounce, a giant bounce house - Canobie Bounce, a trampoline ride - Canobie Spin, a spinning balloon ride - Canobie Swing, a swinging ship ride - Canobie Splash, a splash boat ride - Canobie Swings, a swing ride - Canobie Boats, a boat ride - Canobie Bumper Cars, a bumper car ride - Canobie Balloon Ride, a balloon ride - Canobie Ferris Wheel, a classic ferris wheel - Canobie Beach Party, a water ride - Canobie Speedway, a go-kart track - Canobie Water Works, a water play area - Canobie Crazy Cars, a bumper car ride - Canobie Crazy Cabs, a kiddie bumper car ride - Canobie Skooters, a kiddie scooter ride - Canobie Whirlybirds, a kiddie helicopter ride - Canobie Yo-Yo, a kiddie swing ride - Canobie Tilt-A-Whirl, a classic tilt-a-whirl ride - Canobie Paratrooper, a kiddie paratrooper ride - Canobie Carousel, a classic carousel ride - Canobie Fun House, a classic fun house ride - Canobie Scrambler, a classic scrambler ride - Canobie Sky Ride, a classic sky ride - Canobie Sky Fighters, a kiddie fighter plane ride
4366	which aircraft designer has a model that cost only <3>?	  It is difficult to answer this question without knowing the specific model and aircraft designer.
4367	tom ``kalgan'' chilton is best known for designing the video game expansion of what popular video game series?	  Kalgan Chilton is best known for designing the expansion pack for the popular Sid Meier's Civilization series.
4368	what religious text is associated with a religion that has a practice of eucharist in the catholic church?	  The religious text associated with the Catholic Church is the Bible. The practice of Eucharist is based on the Last Supper, which is described in the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.
4369	what video game does kiyoshi mizuki design in the touch! generations series?	  Kiyoshi Mizuki designed the game "Nanostray" in the Touch! Generations series.
4370	in what unit of exposure, exposure in coulombs per kilogram is 1.0?	  Coulombs per kilogram (C/kg)
4371	what other file format(s) belong to the same genre as the arj?	  Other file formats that belong to the same genre as the ARJ format include ZIP, RAR, LZH, and CAB.
4372	which beer originally came from slovene?	  Union Lager, a pale lager, is the most popular beer in Slovenia. It is brewed by the Union Brewery, which is based in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.
4373	which video game engine family does booot belong to?	  Boot does not belong to any known video game engine family.
4374	the container for xml shares the same genre of which file format?	  XML shares the same genre of file format as HTML, JSON, and YAML.
4375	a death in the family, part four is found in what type of fictional setting?	  The fourth part of a death in the family could be set in any type of fictional setting, such as a fantasy world, a post-apocalyptic landscape, or a modern city.
4376	what is the total number of exhibitions produced by the penn center?	  The Penn Center does not have a total number of exhibitions produced. Each year, the Center produces a variety of exhibitions, programs, and events that vary in size and scope.
4377	what is the unit of length that has the maximum distance in meters?	  The longest unit of length is the light year, which is equal to 9.46 trillion kilometers or 9.46 x 10^12 meters.
4378	what is the unit of luminous intensity in international system of units?	  The unit of luminous intensity in the International System of Units (SI) is the candela (cd).
4379	which dish has a recipe of opencola?	  OpenCola does not have a specific recipe as it is a computer-generated soft drink.
4380	94.6 is the length of what railway?	  The 94.6-mile long North Downs Line is a railway line between Reading and Redhill in England.
4381	which unit of mass is used in the pascal second measuring system?	  The kilogram is the unit of mass used in the Pascal Second measuring system.
4382	what's the legal status of drug formulations for which pinus palustris pollen is an active ingredient?	  The legal status of drug formulations containing Pinus palustris pollen as an active ingredient will depend on the specific country or jurisdiction in which the product is being sold. In the United States, for example, the FDA has not approved any drug products containing Pinus palustris pollen as an active ingredient. Therefore, any product containing Pinus palustris pollen as an active ingredient would not be approved for sale in the United States.
4383	which collection activity has the type of thing collected that is the parent category of black doll?	  Toy Collecting.
4384	which fictional character has the maximum weight?	  The fictional character with the highest known weight is The Hulk, who has been estimated to weigh between 1,040 and 1,400 pounds.
4385	which core text of eastern christians do sunday-school practitioners honor?	  Sunday-school practitioners typically honor the core texts of Eastern Christianity, such as the Bible, the Nicene Creed, and the Seven Ecumenical Councils.
4386	which rail gauge has the most maximum width?	  The widest railway gauge is the Russian broad gauge, which is 5 feet (1,524 mm) wide.
4387	name the radio programs which have the subject of nelson mandella.	  1. Mandela: The Miracle Maker 2. Mandela's Legacy 3. Mandela's Way 4. Mandela's Dream 5. Mandela's Journey
4388	06/05/1980 is the date on which what construction project broke ground?	  The 1980 groundbreaking for the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System.
4389	this subatomic particle has the least amount of mass, is most well known first generation leptons, and has a charge. which subatomic particle is this?	  This is an electron.
4390	the 2006 hunterdon "vinco vineyard" santa lucia highlands pinot noir was produced by which vineyard?	  The 2006 Hunterdon Vinco Vineyard Santa Lucia Highlands Pinot Noir was produced by Hunterdon Vineyards.
4391	all other motor vehicle parts manufacturing has in place what business operation?	  Other motor vehicle parts manufacturing typically has a supply chain management system in place to ensure efficient production and delivery of parts. This system typically includes sourcing of raw materials, production planning, inventory management, delivery scheduling, and quality control.
4392	wow wotlk is an expansion of what video game?	  World of Warcraft
4393	which rocket fuel has a burn time no more than 345.0 at the rocket stage?	  The AeroTech K700W is a rocket fuel with a burn time of no more than 345.0 seconds at the rocket stage.
4394	what unit of mass is associated with the measurement system of microfarads?	  The unit of mass associated with the measurement system of microfarads is the gram.
4395	302 clarissa classifies which asteroid spectral type?	  Clarissa is a main-belt asteroid, so it would be classified as an S-type (stony) asteroid.
4396	who has the birthdate of 09/23/1976?	  The person who has the birthdate of 09/23/1976 is unknown.
4397	fault tolerant is the focus of which conference event?	  The Fault Tolerance in Distributed Computing (FTDC) conference is an annual event focused on fault tolerance in distributed computing.
4398	how many star wars: the complete saga collectible items are there?	  It is impossible to provide an exact answer to this question, as the number of collectible items for Star Wars: The Complete Saga is constantly changing. However, at the time of writing, there are thousands of different collectible items available, ranging from action figures and posters to clothing and jewelry.
4399	which measurement system has the magnetic flux units wb?	  The SI (International System of Units) measurement system has the magnetic flux units of Weber (Wb).
4400	headhunter recording belongs to what artist?	  The artist associated with the record label "Headhunter" is DJ Spooky.
4401	goodreads started what website?	  Goodreads is a social cataloging website that allows individuals to search, find and review books.
4402	1994 was the final broadcast of what radio program?	  The final broadcast of the long-running radio program A Prairie Home Companion took place on July 2, 2016.
4403	who designed the slowest roller coaster at kennywood?	  The slowest roller coaster at Kennywood is the Jack Rabbit, which was designed by John A. Miller in 1921.
4404	what is the unit of plane angle that has a angle in radians 1.0?	  The unit of plane angle with an angle of 1.0 radians is radians.
4405	unreal engine 4 is the successor to which video game engine?	  Unreal Engine 4 is the successor to Unreal Engine 3, the game engine used to develop video games such as Gears of War, Infinity Blade and Mass Effect.
4406	what is the unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 1e-15 seconds?	  Femtosecond (fs).
4407	the motorhead video game has what soundtrack?	  The soundtrack for the Motorhead video game is composed of classic Motorhead songs, including "Ace of Spades," "Killed by Death," and "Iron Fist."
4408	david mandelbrot is the advisor to which organization?	  David Mandelbrot is the Chief Economist and Senior Advisor to the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
4409	for international system of units, what is the unit of luminous intensity?	  The unit of luminous intensity in the International System of Units (SI) is the candela (cd).
4410	virgins is the subject of which written work?	  The Story of the Lost Virgins is a short story by the English author Thomas Hardy. It was first published in the Cornhill Magazine in December 1883.
4411	the réseau ferré de france is composed of what railway?	  The Réseau Ferré de France (RFF) is composed of the national railway network in France, which is operated by the national railway company SNCF.
4412	the opera that first was performed on 02/15/1941 was named what?	  The opera that first was performed on 02/15/1941 was named "The Tales of Hoffmann" by Jacques Offenbach.
4413	what unit of brake specific fuel consumption has the least brake specific fuel consumption in grams per joule?	  Grams per kilojoule has the least brake specific fuel consumption.
4414	what grade level has the minimum age of 6?	  Kindergarten
4415	the force unit, foot pounds, is part of which measurement system?	  The Imperial System, or British Imperial System.
4416	what video game series has an expansion designed by alan miranda?	  The video game series is called "The Elder Scrolls". The expansion designed by Alan Miranda is called "The Elder Scrolls: Morrowind".
4417	the latest released date of the musical release that has engineers including mathieu soucy is what?	  The latest released date of the musical release that has engineers including Mathieu Soucy is November 20, 2020.
4418	how many comic book writer has a profession of educators?	  It is difficult to answer this question with any certainty, as there is no definitive list of comic book writers and their professions. However, there are several well-known comic book writers who have had careers as educators, including Stan Lee, Marjorie Liu, and Gail Simone.
4419	what are silas and v's jobs?	  Silas and V are both musicians. Silas is a singer/songwriter, and V is a producer.
4420	what was the name of the musical artist that the oscar cash supported?	  The musical artist that the Oscar cash supported was Mary J. Blige.
4421	which visual artist created the art piece mal de terre?	  The visual artist who created the art piece "Mal de Terre" is French artist, Pierre Soulages.
4422	which video game versions were released in south korea?	  Some of the most popular video game versions released in South Korea include League of Legends, Overwatch, Starcraft, and MapleStory.
4423	which video game version has the peripherals supported by wii classic controller?	  The Wii U has the most peripherals supported by the Wii Classic Controller. It is compatible with the Wii U Pro Controller, Wii Remote and Nunchuk, Classic Controller and Classic Controller Pro, Wii Balance Board, and the Wii U GamePad.
4424	yottasecond was used as luminance unit in which measurement system?	  The yottasecond was used as a luminance unit in the CGS (centimeter-gram-second) system of measurement.
4425	for the soundtrack, cambio dolor, who is the tv program creator for this tv program?	  The creator of the TV program Cambio Dolor is the Mexican producer and director, Carlos Bolado.
4426	cd/ m2 is the same measurement system as which unit of speed?	  Meters per second (m/s)
4427	which unit of conductance is in the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of conductance in the International System of Units (SI) is the Siemens (S).
4428	how many comic book writers are professional actorss?	  It is difficult to answer this question as there is no definitive list of comic book writers who are also professional actors.
4429	sega smash pack game and version of sonic the hedgehog game was developed by which video game developer.	  Sega was the video game developer behind the Sega Smash Pack and the version of Sonic the Hedgehog.
4430	what region did bandai-namco publish the latest released version of its game?	  The latest released version of the Bandai-Namco game was published worldwide.
4431	what is the locomotive classes of caledonian railway 782 class?	  The Caledonian Railway 782 Class was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives designed by John F. McIntosh for the Caledonian Railway. They were built between 1882 and 1885 and were the first express passenger locomotives of the Caledonian Railway.
4432	which wine uses the fruit source of purchased juice?	  Most commercial wines are made from grapes, but some wines are made from other fruits, such as apples, pears, and cherries. These wines are typically labeled as "fruit wines" and are made from 100% juice from the specified fruit.
4433	name the golf course which has 9 holes.	  Par 3 Golf Course
4434	name the video game designer that designed a music game followed by parappa the rapper 2?	  Masaya Matsuura
4435	name the measurement system that pascal second is a viscosity unit.	  The Pascal Second (Pa·s) is a unit of dynamic viscosity in the SI (International System of Units) measurement system.
4436	what is the status of the websites owned by himanshu suri?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing which websites owned by Himanshu Suri are being referred to.
4437	what power plug has a rated voltage of more than 125.0?	  The most common power plug with a rated voltage of more than 125.0 is the NEMA 6-20 plug, which is rated at 250 volts.
4438	of time zones, which has a dst offset from utc of more than -9.0?	  The only time zone with a dst offset from utc of more than -9.0 is the Chatham Islands Time Zone (UTC+12:45).
4439	which platform for video games has cooking mama: world kitchen?	  Cooking Mama: World Kitchen is available for the Nintendo Wii and Nintendo DS.
4440	which medical trial design using postmenopausal hormone therapy in unstable angina has the least number of expected total enrollment?	  The least number of expected total enrollment in a medical trial using postmenopausal hormone therapy in unstable angina would likely be a pilot study. Pilot studies typically involve a smaller number of participants in order to assess the feasibility of a larger trial.
4441	soro exists in what fictional universe?	  Soro is a character from the Final Fantasy VII video game series.
4442	which unit of measurement for catalytic activity lists katal activity as 1.0?	  Katal (kat) is the unit of measurement for catalytic activity. It is equal to 1 mole of catalytic activity per second.
4443	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 1.66?	  Giraffe
4444	what teams play the sport canadian football?	  The Canadian Football League (CFL) is the only league that plays Canadian football. It consists of nine teams: the Calgary Stampeders, Edmonton Football Team, BC Lions, Saskatchewan Roughriders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Toronto Argonauts, Ottawa Redblacks, and Montreal Alouettes.
4445	a resistance in ohms of 1.0 is what unit of resistance?	  The unit of resistance for 1.0 ohms is ohms (Ω).
4446	what unit is used to measure magnetic flux density in international system of units measurement system?	  The unit used to measure magnetic flux density in the International System of Units (SI) measurement system is the Tesla (T).
4447	name the video game region that puyo puyo 7 was released in.	  Japan
4448	roger camero is known for producing what musical recording?	  Roger Cameron is known for producing electronic music and ambient music recordings.
4449	equestrian vaulting was included in which olympic games?	  Equestrian vaulting has not yet been included in the Olympic Games.
4450	what is the name of the region that lass published the latest released version of its game?	  The region is Japan.
4451	what type of content does tango - 56kbps stream broadcast?	  Tango - 56kbps stream broadcasts a variety of content, including music, podcasts, and talk radio.
4452	the mol is the unit for the measurement of a substance within which measurement system?	  The mole (mol) is the unit for the measurement of a substance within the International System of Units (SI).
4453	which astronaut has the same ethnicity as john ford ?	  There is no known astronaut with the same ethnicity as John Ford.
4454	which medical trial design that uses safety and effectiveness of giving indinavir plus stavudine plus lamivudine to hiv-infected children has the lowest number of expected total enrollment?	  The lowest number of expected total enrollment for a medical trial design that uses safety and effectiveness of giving indinavir plus stavudine plus lamivudine to HIV-infected children would likely be a Phase I clinical trial. Phase I clinical trials typically involve a small number of participants, usually around 20-100, and are used to assess the safety and tolerability of a new drug or treatment.
4455	what is the unit of solid angle in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of solid angle in the International System of Units (SI) is the steradian (sr).
4456	british rail engineering limited is the builder of which class of locomotives?	  British Rail Engineering Limited (BREL) is best known for building the Class 56 and Class 58 diesel locomotives.
4457	what organization in fiction includes the sub-organization of starfleet medical?	  Starfleet, the military and exploratory organization featured in the Star Trek franchise, includes the sub-organization of Starfleet Medical.
4458	shint√¥ has how many types of worship places?	  Shintō has two types of worship places: shrines and temples.
4459	what is the total number of spacecrafts manufactured by the smithsonian astrophysical observatory and lockheed martin advanced technology center	  The exact number of spacecrafts manufactured by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center is not known.
4460	what religious text is associated with a religion that has a practice of alchemi?	  The religious text most closely associated with alchemy is the Emerald Tablet, an ancient text attributed to the Egyptian sage Hermes Trismegistus.
4461	the international conference on informatics in control, automation and robotics conference is what type of conference?	  This is an academic conference focused on applied informatics in the fields of control, automation, and robotics.
4462	talk of the nation appears in what radio program episode?	  The episode title for the most recent "Talk of the Nation" radio program is "The 2020 Census: What You Need to Know".
4463	let the right one in was produced by what theater private company limited by shares?	  The film Let the Right One In was produced by the Swedish production company EFTI AB, which is a private limited company.
4464	in the measurement system, what is the unit of frequency for current density unit is, ampere per square metre?	  The unit of frequency for current density is Hertz (Hz).
4465	which game supports mc6800?	  The most popular game for the MC6800 microprocessor is the classic arcade game Space Invaders.
4466	which unit of energy used to measure radioactivity is also used in the measurement system becquerels?	  Yes, the Becquerel (Bq) is the standard unit of measurement for radioactivity. It is defined as the activity of a quantity of radioactive material in which one nucleus decays per second.
4467	what video games are under the top-down genre?	  1. The Legend of Zelda 2. Grand Theft Auto 3. Diablo 4. Gauntlet 5. Asteroids 6. Rogue 7. Super Mario Bros 8. Streets of Rage 9. The Binding of Isaac 10. Spelunky
4468	comedy-drama is categorized by which genre?	  Comedy-drama is categorized as a hybrid genre.
4469	which video game engine does proceed frostbite engine?	  The Frostbite engine is developed and used by Electronic Arts (EA) for a variety of video game titles, including Battlefield, Need for Speed, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, and FIFA.
4470	which steam locomotive class has the highest gauge in mm?	  The Russian-built 2-10-4 Class Ye class locomotives, also known as the Soviet Decapod, have the highest gauge in mm at 1520 mm (5 ft).
4471	name the unit of luminous intensity in the international system of units.	  The unit of luminous intensity in the International System of Units (SI) is the candela (cd).
4472	what ship has a length at waterline less than 27.4?	  The Viking 24 sailboat has a length at waterline of 22 feet.
4473	reflector telescope has a higher classification type of what?	  A reflector telescope typically has a higher classification type of "reflecting telescope" or "reflector telescope".
4474	who designed the slowest roller coaster at linnanmäki?	  The slowest roller coaster at Linnanmäki is called Taiga and was designed by Intamin AG.
4475	what is the name of the developer who developed the video game engine that is used for gary's mod computer games?	  The developer of the Source engine, used for Garry's Mod, is Valve Corporation.
4476	the de cam brewery / brand produces which beer?	  The de Cam Brewery produces several varieties of Belgian beer, including Blonde, Brune, Tripel, and Quadrupel.
4477	gog.com supports which video game platform?	  GOG.com supports Windows, macOS, and Linux.
4478	who designed toee	  The game ToEE was designed by Rob Jelley and published by Atari.
4479	1000.0 is the minimum width allotted to what rail gauge?	  The minimum width allotted to the standard gauge (also known as the 4-foot 8.5-inch gauge) is 1000.0 mm.
4480	what is the video game rating in system kijkwijzer?	  The video game rating system used by Kijkwijzer is based on the Pan-European Game Information (PEGI) rating system. The ratings range from 3+ to 18+, with 3+ being appropriate for all ages and 18+ being only suitable for adults.
4481	snk developed how many video game compilations?	  SNK has developed over 30 video game compilations.
4482	which microsoft kinect version supports the america region?	  The Microsoft Kinect for Xbox One is the only version of the Kinect that supports the America region.
4483	in international system of units, what's the unit of molar energy?	  The unit of molar energy in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per mole (J/mol).
4484	what alliance is air new zealand link in	  Air New Zealand is a member of the Star Alliance.
4485	supreme serves what ski run?	  Supreme does not serve any specific ski run. The company specializes in snowboarding and skateboarding apparel and accessories.
4486	which film producer has the highest weight of 89.0kg?	  The film producer with the highest weight of 89.0kg is Tyler Perry.
4487	what is the name of the artist on can’t sleep?	  The artist on the song "Can't Sleep" is Clairo.
4488	what video game engine is required for challenge pro mode arena?	  The Unreal Engine 4 is required for Challenge Pro Mode Arena.
4489	what video games did ua limited create?	  UA Limited created the video game franchises Armored Core, Bladestorm, and The Last Remnant.
4490	watt per steradian is the radiant intensity unit of which measurement system?	  The radiant intensity unit of measurement is part of the International System of Units (SI).
4491	what drug formulation uses alpha-ketoglutaric acid as an active ingredient?	  Alpha-ketoglutaric acid is not an active ingredient in any drug formulation. It is an intermediate in the Krebs cycle, and is used as a dietary supplement to boost energy levels.
4492	the cat lady was developed by which game developer?	  The Cat Lady was developed by Harvester Games.
4493	in international system of units what is the unit of specific heat capacity?	  The unit of specific heat capacity in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per kilogram-kelvin (J/kg·K).
4494	who are some tennis players with a left-handed style?	  1. Rafael Nadal 2. Martina Navratilova 3. John McEnroe 4. Monica Seles 5. Fernando Verdasco 6. Goran Ivanisevic 7. Justine Henin 8. Marion Bartoli 9. Juan Martin del Potro 10. Venus Williams
4495	in the international system of units what is the unit of molar heat capacity?	  The unit of molar heat capacity in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per kelvin per mole (J/K⋅mol).
4496	what is the unit of volume that is associated with a measurement system that has a magnetic field strength unit of ampere per metre?	  The unit of volume associated with a measurement system that has a magnetic field strength unit of ampere per metre is the cubic metre (m3).
4497	the dark knight soundtrack is which type of album?	  The Dark Knight soundtrack is a film score album composed by Hans Zimmer and James Newton Howard.
4498	when the volt is 1.0 what is the unit of potential?	  The unit of potential for a voltage of 1.0 is volts (V).
4499	what is the expansion for the video game gauntlet?	  Gauntlet is an arcade game released in 1985 by Atari Games. The game was later ported to numerous home computers and game consoles. The game is a fantasy-themed hack and slash dungeon crawl. The expansion for the game is Gauntlet: The Third Encounter, released in 1990.
4500	the core text of abrahamic faiths that is honored by shabbat practitioners is called what?	  The Torah.
4501	where is the version developed by insomniac games and distributed through physical media released?	  The version of the game developed by Insomniac Games and distributed through physical media was released in North America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand.
4502	video games with a rating of 17+ are found where?	  Video games with a rating of 17+ can be found in most video game stores or online retailers such as Amazon, Steam, and the PlayStation Store.
4503	which measurement system has the energy units j?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the energy unit of joules (J).
4504	which genre of opera did gwendoline belong to?	  Gwendoline is an opera in one act composed by Ernest Chausson. It is a lyric drama in the genre of French grand opera.
4505	tloz and mario kart: double dash‼ was designed by which video game designer?	  Shigeru Miyamoto.
4506	ict convergence is considered what type of conference?	  A lexicostatistical convergence conference is a type of scientific conference that focuses on the study of language change and language variation. It seeks to identify and analyze the processes by which languages change and how they are related to each other.
4507	what are emily fields and charlie brown's occupation?	  Emily Fields is a student and swim coach at Rosewood High School. Charlie Brown is a cartoon character created by Charles M. Schulz, who is known for his comic strip Peanuts.
4508	john of biclaro is the subject of which written work?	  John of Biclaro is the subject of the 7th-century Visigothic chronicle known as the Chronicle of 754, written by the Spanish monk Isidore of Beja.
4509	world of war craft has been an influence on what?	  World of Warcraft has had a significant influence on the gaming industry and popular culture. It has been a major influence in the development of the massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) genre, and has had a profound effect on the development of other genres such as real-time strategy (RTS) and first-person shooter (FPS) games. It has also been a major influence on popular culture, with references to the game appearing in films, television, books, and other media.
4510	which time zone has a dst offset from utc more than 9.0?	  No time zone has a daylight savings time (DST) offset from UTC more than 9.0. The largest DST offset is 8 hours, which is observed in parts of Australia, such as the Northern Territory and Western Australia.
4511	the measurement system of international system of units features which unit of conductance?	  The unit of conductance in the International System of Units (SI) is the Siemens (S).
4512	henry per metre is a permeability unit of what measurement system?	  Magnetic permeability.
4513	what is a glacier which currently has the status of retreating?	  A retreating glacier is a glacier that is currently in a state of retreat, meaning it is melting and shrinking in size. Retreating glaciers are a result of global warming, as rising temperatures cause the ice to melt faster than it can be replenished.
4514	virgin is a subject in what written work?	  Virgin is a character in the novel The Virgin Suicides by Jeffrey Eugenides.
4515	which class does western reliance belong to?	  Western Reliance is a mutual insurance company that provides property and casualty insurance to individuals and businesses in the western United States. It is classified as a mutual insurance company.
4516	what language writing system shares a similar type with nüshu script?	  The closest language writing system to Nüshu script is probably the Chinese writing system, which is based on characters and symbols.
4517	the great idea is part of what literary genre?	  The great idea could be part of any literary genre, depending on its content.
4518	prince of persia: the sands of time game versions are from which video game publisher?	  Ubisoft is the publisher of the Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time video game.
4519	inverse kelvin is a unit of inverse temperature in which measurement system?	  The inverse kelvin is a unit of temperature in the International System of Units (SI).
4520	what category of drug formulation uses claviceps purpurea sclerotium as an active ingredient?	  Claviceps purpurea sclerotium is an active ingredient used in hallucinogenic drug formulations.
4521	nintendo points is used as a payment system for which video game distribution system?	  Nintendo Points is used as a payment system for the Nintendo eShop, the digital distribution service for Nintendo's various video game systems.
4522	what unit of time is represented by planck unit?	  The Planck unit of time is the smallest unit of time that has any meaning, and it is equal to approximately 5.39 × 10−44 seconds.
4523	73255 is the facility id of which tv station?	  The facility ID 73255 belongs to WOSU-TV, a PBS member station located in Columbus, Ohio.
4524	what tld registry registered bhutan telecom?	  The Bhutan Telecom domain is registered with the .bt registry.
4525	which category of drug formulation is znso4 used as an active ingredient?	  ZnSO4 is used as an active ingredient in antacid formulations.
4526	which measurement system has the pressure units of barye?	  The CGS (centimeter-gram-second) system of measurement has the pressure unit of barye (symbol: Ba).
4527	what is the planet with lowest orbital order	  The planet with the lowest orbital order is Mercury.
4528	which military conflict has force strengths with conflicts bendix an/fps-20?	  The Cold War. The Bendix AN/FPS-20 was a Cold War-era radar system used by the United States Air Force and its allies. It was used to detect and track aircraft in the airspace of the United States and other countries.
4529	what measurement type uses mace as mass units?	  Mace is a unit of mass used in the apothecaries' system of measurement.
4530	which tournament, featuring multiple events, includes the event guangzhou international women's open?	  The Guangzhou International Women's Open is part of the WTA International tournament series.
4531	what gameplay mode does everquest ii: sentinel's fate provide?	  Everquest II: Sentinel's Fate provides a variety of gameplay modes, including solo, group, and raid content, as well as a PvP (Player vs. Player) mode.
4532	which type of conference series has a current frequency that is biannual?	  A biannual conference series is one that is held twice a year. Examples of biannual conference series include the International Conference on Machine Learning and Data Mining, the International Conference on Intelligent Systems and Networks, and the International Conference on Robotics and Automation.
4533	the xbox 360 supports what video game platform?	  The Xbox 360 supports the Xbox 360 game platform, as well as backward compatibility with select Xbox games.
4534	which measurement system has the magnetic field strength units of ampere per metre?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the magnetic field strength unit of ampere per metre.
4535	in the imperial units, how many different units of length are there?	  There are seven different units of length in the imperial system: inches, feet, yards, rods, chains, furlongs, and miles.
4536	find the fruit source for the wine 2005 lolonis "tollini vineyard" redwood valley zinfandel.	  The fruit source for the 2005 Lolonis "Tollini Vineyard" Redwood Valley Zinfandel is the Tollini Vineyard in Redwood Valley, California.
4537	who sponsored the same conference series as advanstar communications, inc.?	  The other sponsor of the conference series was UBM plc.
4538	the microvision platform has which video game version released?	  The Microvision platform has released two versions of its video game: the original Microvision game, released in 1979, and the Microvision II game, released in 1981.
4539	what measuring unit is henry per metre?	  Henry per metre (H/m) is a unit of magnetic permeability, which is a measure of how easily a material can be magnetized.
4540	which unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include long ton?	  Imperial.
4541	what is the name of the dimension that is the dimension measured by a measuring instrument that has subclasses including laser accelerometer?	  The dimension is called a physical dimension, and the subclasses include acceleration, speed, force, distance, and displacement.
4542	french revolution is the subject of what conference series?	  The French Revolution Conference Series is an annual event hosted by the French Historical Society that focuses on the history and legacy of the French Revolution.
4543	the data rate unit terabit per second is part of what measurement system?	  The data rate unit terabit per second is part of the International System of Units (SI).
4544	the virtual console distributed which video game version?	  The Virtual Console is a digital distribution service for Nintendo Switch, Wii U and Nintendo 3DS family systems. It allows users to download and play games originally released for older Nintendo systems. It includes titles from the NES, Super NES, Nintendo 64, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, and Nintendo GameCube.
4545	what is the unit of frequency in the measurement system used by millisiemens?	  The unit of frequency in the millisiemens measurement system is hertz (Hz).
4546	which radio format does the station which broadcasts prime time sports utilize?	  The station which broadcasts Prime Time Sports typically utilizes a Sports Talk Radio format.
4547	which book is contributed by drew tewksbury?	  Drew Tewksbury is the author of the book "The Art of Living: Finding Joy in the Everyday".
4548	what is the unit of viscosity in the international system of units system?	  The unit of viscosity in the International System of Units (SI) is the pascal second (Pa·s).
4549	what spacecrafts are manufactured by aérospatiale?	  Aérospatiale has manufactured a variety of spacecrafts, including the Ariane 4 and 5 launch vehicles, the Hermes spaceplane, the ATV Automated Transfer Vehicle, and the Mars Express and Venus Express probes.
4550	mustonen died on which kind of glacier?	  Vilho Väisälä died on the Kautokeino Glacier in Norway in 1959.
4551	when l-isoleucine is an active ingredient which drug formulation category is this?	  This is a dietary supplement ingredient.
4552	what conference series has a weekly frequency?	  The TED Talks conference series has a weekly frequency.
4553	dragon lore ii: the heart of the dragon man is included in which video game version?	  Dragon Lore II: The Heart of the Dragon Man is included in the PC version of the game.
4554	which unit of absorbed dose rate represents 1.0 grays per second?	  1.0 grays per second is equivalent to 1.0 sieverts per hour.
4555	which is the family of a computer processor, which is also a variant of mos technology 8500?	  The MOS Technology 8500 family is a family of 8-bit microprocessors developed by MOS Technology, Inc. (now a subsidiary of Toshiba). It was an early competitor to the Intel 8080, and was used in a number of home computers and game consoles.
4556	a programming language whose dialects include split-c also includes what programming language?	  Split-C is an extension of the C programming language. Therefore, the programming language whose dialects include Split-C is C.
4557	what number of railway terminus is terminuses of moçâmedes railway?	  The Moçâmedes Railway has two terminuses: Namibe and Menongue.
4558	the international system of units includes which unit of conductance in its system of measurements?	  The international system of units (SI) includes the siemens (S) as its unit of conductance.
4559	the government positions of secretary of state of idaho is in what governmental jurisdiction?	  The Secretary of State of Idaho is an executive branch position within the government of the State of Idaho. The office is responsible for overseeing the state's elections and maintaining records of the state's businesses, corporations, and trademarks.
4560	name the unit of viscosity that is used in the international system of units.	  The unit of viscosity used in the International System of Units is the Pascal-second (Pa·s).
4561	labyrinth is an example of which fictional setting?	  Labyrinth is an example of a fantasy setting.
4562	what is the unit of specific heat capacity in us customary unit?	  The unit of specific heat capacity in US customary units is British Thermal Units per pound-degree Fahrenheit (Btu/lb-°F).
4563	what is the conference subject for series anime friends?	  The conference subject for the series Anime Friends is "Exploring the Intersection of Anime and Friendship".
4564	find politicians whose weight is less than 72.0?	  1. Senator Cory Booker (D-NJ): Weight: 70.0 kg (154 lbs) 2. Senator Kamala Harris (D-CA): Weight: 62.0 kg (136 lbs) 3. Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA): Weight: 65.0 kg (143 lbs) 4. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT): Weight: 68.0 kg (150 lbs) 5. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY): Weight: 57.0 kg (125 lbs) 6. Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN): Weight: 62.0 kg (136 lbs) 7. Senator Maggie Hassan (D-NH): Weight: 60.0 kg (132 lbs) 8. Senator Tammy Duckworth (D-IL): Weight: 59.0 kg (130 lbs) 9. Senator Tina Smith (D-MN): Weight: 59.0 kg (130 lbs) 10. Senator Mazie Hirono (D-HI): Weight: 62.0 kg (136 lbs)
4565	which written work has a copyright date on 2007-08-15?	  The written work "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald has a copyright date of 2007-08-15.
4566	in the international system of units, what is the unit for absorbed dose?	  The unit for absorbed dose in the international system of units is the gray (Gy).
4567	what is the conference event of paul and the legacies of paul?	  The Paul and the Legacies of Paul Conference is an annual event hosted by the Society of Biblical Literature that focuses on the life, writings, and impact of the Apostle Paul. The conference features lectures and presentations from leading scholars in the field of Pauline studies.
4568	which unit mass that shares the same unit as joule per cubic metre has the maximum weight mass in kilograms?	  The maximum weight mass in kilograms for a unit mass that shares the same unit as joule per cubic metre is 1 kilogram.
4569	which was the most recent browser released by the creators of air?	  The most recent browser released by the creators of Air is the Air Browser. It was released in 2021.
4570	which is the unit of force that is largest in terms of newton?	  The kilonewton (kN) is the largest unit of force in terms of newtons, and is equal to 1,000 newtons.
4571	which organization type does include army of meridian?	  The Army of Meridian is a private military organization. It is not associated with any government or military branch.
4572	hitachi built how many electric locomotive classes?	  Hitachi has built over 100 different classes of electric locomotives.
4573	what kind of profession does a theater producer have?	  A theater producer is a professional in the theater industry responsible for managing and overseeing all aspects of theatrical production, from the initial concept and fundraising to the opening night performance. They often work with directors, designers, actors, and other creative personnel to ensure that a production is successful.
4574	what is the radio format for the station that broadcasts the prairie was quiet?	  The radio format for the station that broadcasts The Prairie Was Quiet is Adult Album Alternative (AAA).
4575	logo is the language used to write which software?	  Logo is a programming language used to create educational and recreational software, such as turtle graphics.
4576	who built the locomotive classified as wd austerity 2-8-0?	  The locomotive classified as WD Austerity 2-8-0 was built by the Vulcan Foundry in Newton-le-Willows, England.
4577	what are the sponsors of skeptics society conference?	  The sponsors of the Skeptics Society Conference vary from year to year, but some of the recent sponsors have included Skeptical Inquirer Magazine, the James Randi Educational Foundation, Skepticon, and the Center for Inquiry.
4578	a measurement system with surface density units of kilogram per square metre is had by which surface desnity units?	  The surface density units of kilogram per square metre would be expressed as kg/m^2.
4579	which construction material was used to build point cabrillo light?	  Point Cabrillo Light was built with brick, stone, and concrete.
4580	what is the software with genres browser extension and wireless portal?	  The software is likely a web browser or a wireless router. Browser extensions are programs that add additional features and functionality to web browsers, while wireless portals are websites or web interfaces used to manage and configure wireless networks.
4581	1 + [113018989,113044883] is the locus of which chromosome?	  This locus is on chromosome 7.
4582	70th annual nysate technical conference is in what conference venue?	  The 70th Annual NYSATE Technical Conference will take place at the Albany Marriott, located in Albany, New York.
4583	which astronaut is from the same ethnic group as winkler?	  Serena Aunon-Chancellor is the first Hispanic woman to become an astronaut.
4584	hinduism is a sort of belief of what?	  Hinduism is a religious and philosophical tradition originating in India. It is based on the understanding of the divine and the spiritual relationship between humans and the divine. It encompasses a variety of beliefs, practices, and traditions, including the worship of multiple gods and goddesses, belief in reincarnation, and a strong emphasis on dharma (duty) and karma (action and its consequences).
4585	the designer of uss constitution also designed which ships?	  The designer of the USS Constitution, Joshua Humphreys, also designed the USS United States, USS Constellation, USS Chesapeake, USS Congress, USS President, and USS President No. 2.
4586	what is the conference type of ict convergence?	  The ICT Convergence conference is an annual event that focuses on the convergence of information and communication technologies. It typically covers topics such as artificial intelligence, robotics, virtual reality, the Internet of Things, blockchain, and cloud computing.
4587	what is the si base unit of data transfer rates?	  The SI base unit of data transfer rates is the bit per second (bps).
4588	how many astronomical discoveries did galileo galiei make?	  Galileo Galilei made many astronomical discoveries, including the four largest moons of Jupiter (Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto), the phases of Venus, and the observation of sunspots. He also developed the law of falling bodies and improved the telescope, allowing for more detailed observations of the night sky.
4589	what unit of data transmission rate is the smallest rate in bits per second?	  The smallest unit of data transmission rate is bits per second (bps).
4590	find locomotive class whose maximum speed is 99.8.	  The locomotive class is the EMD F59PHI. It is a four-axle, 3,200hp diesel-electric locomotive built by General Motors' Electro-Motive Division. It has a maximum speed of 99.8 mph.
4591	watt per meter per kelvin is the thermal conductivity unit in what measurement system?	  The thermal conductivity unit of watt per meter per kelvin is a unit of measurement in the SI (International System of Units).
4592	what live album shares the album content type of beauty and the beast?	  The live album Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas - Live at the Royal Albert Hall.
4593	video games with a rating of uk: 15 are found where?	  UK 15 rated video games can be found in most major video game stores, online retailers, and digital marketplaces.
4594	what is the medical trial design that uses behavioral insomnia therapy with chronic fatigue syndrome which has an expected total enrollment with the lowest number?	  The most appropriate medical trial design for this scenario would be a single-arm, open-label trial. This type of trial design does not involve a control group and typically has the lowest number of total enrollees.
4595	which was the most recent introduced locomotive class?	  The most recently introduced locomotive class is the Siemens Charger SC-44 diesel-electric locomotive, which was introduced in 2017.
4596	morning magazine was on which episode of the radio program?	  The morning magazine was featured on episode #10 of the radio program.
4597	how many exhibitions were made by the israeli contemporary art, new york?	  It is not possible to answer this question with certainty as there is no definitive list of exhibitions made by Israeli Contemporary Art, New York.
4598	what is the number of video game compilations with the genre of adventure gaming?	  It is impossible to give an exact answer to this question as there is no single source that tracks the number of video game compilations with the genre of adventure gaming. However, there are a variety of websites and stores that offer a variety of adventure game compilations.
4599	what locomotive classes are a part of gwr prince class?	  The Great Western Railway (GWR) Prince Class of locomotives included the GWR 4500 Class, GWR 4575 Class, GWR 4575 'Star' Class, and GWR 4585 Class.
4600	how many video game compilations have the genre of text adventure games?	  It is difficult to answer this question with certainty, as there is no definitive list of video game compilations with the genre of text adventure games. However, some possible examples include the classic Infocom compilations, such as the "Lost Treasures of Infocom" collection, and the "Interactive Fiction Anthology" from GOG.com.
4601	what is the name of the tv song that was composed by robert luke harshman?	  The song is called "The TV Theme Song" and was composed by Robert Luke Harshman.
4602	what is the camera iso capability number of the iso setting used by pentax k110d and sony cyber-shot dsc-w150?	  Pentax K110D: ISO range of 100-1600 Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-W150: ISO range of 80-3200
4603	what video game, in warcraft series series, is designed by tom ``kalgan'' chilton?	  Tom "Kalgan" Chilton designed the Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos game in the Warcraft series.
4604	the earliest completed composition was what?	  The earliest completed composition is believed to be a 4,000-year-old hymn written in cuneiform script on clay tablets found in Mesopotamia. It is called the “Hurrian Hymn No. 6” and was composed in the ancient Hurrian language.
4605	what grade level has the minimum age of 18?	  There is no grade level with a minimum age of 18. The minimum age to attend college is typically 18, but that is not a grade level.
4606	which video game has the soundtracks of portal: prelude soundtrack?	  The video game that has the soundtracks of Portal: Prelude Soundtrack is Portal: Prelude.
4607	the university of waterloo school newspaper is owned by whom?	  The University of Waterloo School Newspaper is owned and published by the Waterloo Undergraduate Student Association (WUSA).
4608	name the camera uncompressed format of the nikon d1h.	  The Nikon D1H camera uses NEF (Nikon Electronic Format) for its uncompressed format.
4609	abampere is an electric current unit in which measurement system?	  The ampere is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
4610	luminance units of candela per square meter are found in which measurement system?	  The luminance unit of candela per square meter is found in the International System of Units (SI).
4611	matisse—picasso shares the same exhibition curator with which exhibition?	  The exhibition curator for both the Matisse-Picasso exhibition and the other exhibition is John Elderfield. The other exhibition is the MoMA retrospective of Henri Matisse, which was held from April 18, 1992 to August 16, 1992.
4612	the smallest energy in joules per kilogram is had by which unit of specific energy?	  The unit of specific energy with the smallest energy in joules per kilogram is the calorie (cal).
4613	the luanda terminuses is found at what railway?	  The Luanda Terminuses is found at the Benguela Railway, which is a railway line that runs from the port of Lobito in Angola to the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
4614	what is the unit of conductivity within the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of conductivity within the International System of Units (SI) is Siemens per meter (S/m).
4615	who is the designer of the slowest roller coaster at islands of adventure?	  The slowest roller coaster at Islands of Adventure is the Flight of the Hippogriff, which was designed by Bolliger & Mabillard.
4616	what producer produced the radio program on historical sciences?	  This question is too vague to answer without more information.
4617	the assyrian church of the east is part of what jurisdiction of religion?	  The Assyrian Church of the East is an independent church within the Assyrian tradition of Eastern Christianity. It is not part of any particular jurisdiction or denomination, though it is in communion with the Ancient Church of the East, the Chaldean Catholic Church, and the Syriac Orthodox Church.
4618	international system of units classifies angular frequency utilizing which units?	  Angular frequency is classified using the units of radians per second (rad/s).
4619	what unit of resistivity is the smallest?	  The smallest unit of resistivity is the ohm-metre (Ωm).
4620	what type of program engines are available on id tech	  Id Tech offers a variety of game engines, including the id Tech 4 engine, the id Tech 5 engine, the id Tech 6 engine, and the id Tech 7 engine. Each engine is designed to provide developers with the tools they need to create immersive and visually stunning games.
4621	which measurement system uses candela to measure volumetric flow?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the candela to measure volumetric flow.
4622	angelo esposito plays which ice hockey position?	  Giancarlo Esposito does not play ice hockey.
4623	what is the name of the video game xenosaga episode i: der wille zur macht's soundtrack?	  The soundtrack for Xenosaga Episode I: Der Wille zur Macht is titled "KOS-MOS Ver.1.5", composed by Yuki Kajiura.
4624	which ship builder built the ship with draft less than 7.5 and length 115.0?	  The ship builder that built the ship with draft less than 7.5 and length 115.0 is unknown.
4625	west germanic language is the same language family as what language family?	  West Germanic language is part of the Germanic language family, which also includes English, Dutch, Afrikaans, and Frisian.
4626	what is the planet with the lowest orbital order?	  The planet with the lowest orbital order is Mercury, which is the closest planet to the Sun.
4627	name the video game version which has the peripherals supported by mikro-plus.	  The Mikro-Plus supports various peripherals for the Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC versions of the game.
4628	the albums of psychedelic pop musical genre include how many soundtracks?	  It is impossible to answer this question definitively, as the number of soundtracks within the psychedelic pop musical genre varies widely.
4629	the theodolite has a subclass, which instrument of measure belongs to this?	  The subclass of the theodolite is the transit, which is an instrument used for measuring angles in the horizontal and vertical planes.
4630	csm is supported on how many computing platforms?	  CSM is supported on Windows, Mac, Linux, and Android platforms.
4631	1.0 coulombs per square meter equals what unit?	  1.0 coulombs per square meter is the same as 1.0 coulombs per square meter, which is the SI unit for electric field strength.
4632	what publisher of video games published the let's golf versions?	  Gameloft is the publisher of the Let's Golf series of video games.
4633	a milliwatt is a time unit for which measurements system?	  Milliwatt is a unit of power, not a time unit. It is used to measure energy per unit of time, usually in the SI (International System of Units) system.
4634	which conference series has the geographical scope of state of bahrain?	  The International Conference on Information and Communication Technologies, held in Bahrain, is the only conference series that has a geographical scope of Bahrain.
4635	what is the number of video game compilations with the genre of shooter games?	  It is difficult to give an exact number as there are so many different video game compilations with the genre of shooter games available. However, a quick search on Amazon or Steam will show that there are hundreds of compilations available.
4636	what computer processor is used in computers with 64gb wifi + 3g?	  The specific processor used in computers with 64GB WiFi + 3G will depend on the model and manufacturer of the computer. Popular processor options for this type of computer include Intel Core i7, AMD Ryzen 5, and Qualcomm Snapdragon 845.
4637	what short story shares a character with up wizardwall?	  The short story "The Wizard of Wall Street" by O. Henry shares a character with Up Wizardwall. The story follows the adventures of a Wall Street wizard, Mr. Wall, who uses his financial acumen to help a young couple, John and Mary, in their time of need.
4638	lux is an illuminance unit of which measurement system?	  Lux is a unit of illuminance in the International System of Units (SI).
4639	what is the unit of inductance to represent 1.0 inductance in henries?	  1 henry (H)
4640	siggraph 2009 uses what conference venue?	  The SIGGRAPH 2009 conference was held at the New Orleans Ernest N. Morial Convention Center in New Orleans, Louisiana.
4641	haunted manison was created by which manufacturer of amusement rides?	  The Haunted Mansion ride was created by the Walt Disney Company.
4642	the slowest roller coaster at tokyo dome city attractions was designed by who?	  The slowest roller coaster at Tokyo Dome City Attractions was designed by Intamin AG, a Swiss amusement ride manufacturer.
4643	which power plug standard has a rated voltage of more than 125.0?	  The CEE 7/7 plug standard has a rated voltage of 250 V.
4644	in which measurement system is gray the absorbed dose units?	  Gray is the absorbed dose unit in the International System of Units (SI).
4645	joseph shuster created which comic book characters that appeared in hush - chapter four: the city?	  Joseph Shuster did not create any comic book characters that appeared in Hush - Chapter Four: The City. The characters that appear in this chapter are Batman, Catwoman, Poison Ivy, and the Riddler.
4646	what magazine issue has benjamin rivers interior illustrations?	  The illustrations by Benjamin Rivers can be found in the Spring 2020 issue of the literary magazine The Fiddlehead.
4647	which is the class of ships with means of propulsion of auxiliary sail?	  The class of ships with means of propulsion of auxiliary sail is called a sailing ship.
4648	what video game designer designed a musical game followed by lumines ii?	  Tetsuya Mizuguchi is the video game designer who designed Lumines II.
4649	relative humidity is measured using what tools?	  Humidity can be measured using a variety of tools such as a psychrometer, hygrometer, or digital humidity meter.
4650	what class of ship has a maximum speed of 11.5?	  A patrol boat.
4651	orfeo produced which opera?	  Orfeo ed Euridice (Orpheus and Euridice)
4652	how many game expansions has just flight published?	  It is not possible to answer this question definitively, as Just Flight does not publish a comprehensive list of all the game expansions they have released.
4653	what video games have the computer nouryoku kaiseki: ultra baken in them?	  Ultra Baken is a unique puzzle game developed by Nouryoku Kaiseki. It is not available as part of any other video game.
4654	what gameplay mode is used in the musical game with a version of beaterator?	  The game mode used in Beaterator is called "Freestyle Mode". This mode allows players to create and mix their own music using a variety of tools and instruments.
4655	which games series had an expansion pack made by chris metzen?	  The Warcraft series, developed by Blizzard Entertainment, had an expansion pack created by Chris Metzen called Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne.
4656	what are the other departments in the same field as penn state harrisburg, school of business administration?	  1. Lehigh University College of Business and Economics  2. Drexel University LeBow College of Business  3. Temple University Fox School of Business  4. University of Delaware Alfred Lerner College of Business and Economics  5. Villanova University School of Business  6. Rutgers Business School  7. Widener University School of Business Administration  8. La Salle University School of Business  9. St. Joseph's University Haub School of Business  10. University of Pittsburgh Katz Graduate School of Business
4657	the subject federal freedom of information act is part of which written work?	  The Federal Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) is part of the United States Code, Title 5, Section 552.
4658	how many exhibits does la collection havemeyer: quand l'amérique découvrait l'impressionnisme have?	  La Collection Meyer de l'Université de l'Utah possède plus de 400 œuvres d'art, dont plus de 250 œuvres d'impressionnisme.
4659	what is the name of the ship designer that designed a ship that is designed by william doughty?	  The name of the ship designer who designed the ship designed by William Doughty is John I. Thornycroft.
4660	the measurement system centimetre–gram–second system of units uses what unit for acceleration?	  Centimetre per second squared (cm/s2).
4661	1435.1 (mm) is the gauge of which locomotive class?	  This measurement does not correspond to a specific locomotive class. It is the diameter of the wheel flange of a locomotive wheel, which can vary between classes.
4662	international system of units belongs to what inverse temperature unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not have an inverse temperature unit. Temperature is typically measured in degrees Celsius (°C), Kelvin (K), or Fahrenheit (°F).
4663	3.97 is the mass of which exoplanet?	  The exoplanet is HD 106315 b.
4664	ronald bilius weasley destroyed an item belonging to which character with the ability of principles of flight?	  Ronald Weasley destroyed the flying car belonging to Arthur Weasley.
4665	who has the family name haase and died in city of berlin?	  There is no one specific person who matches this description, as the family name Haase is quite common and there are likely many people who have died in the city of Berlin with this name.
4666	international system of units measures luminous flux in which unit type?	  The SI unit for luminous flux is the lumen (lm).
4667	what polled entity has the smallest election poll score?	  This question is impossible to answer without more information about the specific poll and the entities being polled.
4668	the measure of radiance in what measurement system is quarter section ?	  Quarter section is not a measurement of radiance.
4669	in the spanish customary units, how many different units of length are there?	  There are four different units of length in the Spanish customary units: vara (v.), legua (leg.), pulgada (pulg.), and codo (cod.).
4670	what type of education is provided by carnegie mellon college of engineering?	  Carnegie Mellon College of Engineering provides a rigorous, interdisciplinary program of undergraduate and graduate education in engineering and related fields. Students can pursue bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees in a variety of engineering disciplines, including aerospace, biomedical, chemical, civil, computer, electrical, environmental, materials, and mechanical engineering.
4671	which unit of time is the smallest in terms of seconds?	  The smallest unit of time in terms of seconds is a millisecond, which is equal to one thousandth of a second.
4672	which video game publisher published captain ed?	  Captain Ed was published by D3 Publisher.
4673	games developed by frontier developments and distributed through wii ware released where?	  The WiiWare service was available for the Wii gaming console, and all WiiWare games were released exclusively through the Wii Shop Channel.
4674	what radio format does the station which broadcasts alma del barrio use?	  The station which broadcasts Alma del Barrio uses a Latin Pop music format.
4675	find comic book series whose final issue is the uncanny x-men #141.	  1. X-Men (1963-2011) 2. X-Men: Legacy (2008-2014) 3. X-Factor (1986-2013) 4. New Mutants (1983-1991) 5. X-Force (1991-2004) 6. Excalibur (1988-1998) 7. X-Men Unlimited (1993-2003) 8. Uncanny X-Men (1981-2011)
4676	which aviation incident involved 9 crews?	  The 2009 Air France Flight 447 crash involved nine crews. The Airbus A330-203, carrying 228 people, crashed into the Atlantic Ocean on June 1, 2009, while en route from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to Paris, France.
4677	for diseases treated by mirtazapine,what is the risk factor?	  The risk factors associated with the use of mirtazapine include increased risk of weight gain, sedation, increased appetite, increased cholesterol and triglycerides, increased risk of stroke, increased risk of diabetes, increased risk of suicide, and increased risk of serotonin syndrome.
4678	what is the number of meteor showers spawned by 73p/schwassmann–wachmann?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the number of meteor showers spawned by 73p/Schwassmann–Wachmann is variable and unpredictable.
4679	which inverse temperature unit means that the temperature coefficient in inverse kelvins is at least 5.556e-07?	  5.556e-07 inverse kelvins (K⁻¹)
4680	what theatrical composer is heavier than 52.0 kilograms?	  There is no one specific theatrical composer who is heavier than 52.0 kilograms.
4681	meter refers to what unit?	  A decimeter is a unit of length in the metric system, equal to one tenth of a meter.
4682	when it comes to a vacuum cleaner what is the number of collectible items included?	  This depends on the type of vacuum cleaner and the manufacturer. Some vacuum cleaners may include additional items such as dust bags, filters, brushes, and other accessories. Some may also include collectible items such as figurines, stickers, and other memorabilia.
4683	what amount of video game distribution system does playstation support?	  The PlayStation platform supports a wide range of video game distribution systems, including digital downloads, physical media, and streaming services.
4684	what accommodation features does sugar beach, a viceroy resort have?	  Sugar Beach, a Viceroy Resort offers a variety of accommodation features, including:  • Private beach access • Luxury villas with private plunge pools • Beachfront suites with stunning views • Spacious guest rooms with balconies • Gourmet restaurants and bars • Outdoor swimming pool • Spa and wellness centre • Fitness centre • Water sports and activities • Kids club with daily activities • Tennis courts • Private yacht charters • Helicopter transfers • 24-hour concierge service • Complimentary Wi-Fi access
4685	what kind of school is randolph college?	  Randolph College is a private liberal arts college in Lynchburg, Virginia. It is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church (USA).
4686	md500 aircraft uses what type of engine?	  The MD500 aircraft uses a Turbomeca Arriel 1 turboshaft engine.
4687	which is the number of exhibitions produced by victoria & albert museum?	  The Victoria & Albert Museum produces over 300 exhibitions every year.
4688	which broadcast content has the genre of culinary art?	  The Food Network is a television channel that broadcasts content with the genre of culinary art.
4689	which software falls into both continuous integration and build automation genres?	  The most popular software that falls into both continuous integration and build automation genres is Jenkins. Jenkins is an open-source automation server that is used to build, test, and deploy software projects continuously. It can be used to automate the process of building, testing, and deploying software applications. It can also be used to monitor external jobs such as cron jobs, and can be used to automate other routine development tasks.
4690	name the radio program episode which has the segment which is named christopher lydon with stephen jay gould.	  The episode is titled "The Ascent of Man: A Conversation with Stephen Jay Gould", which aired on National Public Radio (NPR) in 1998.
4691	what is the number of designers who contributed to the game that has the soundtrack of age of empires: gold edition soundtrack?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the Age of Empires Gold Edition soundtrack was created by multiple composers and designers.
4692	who has been a librettist collaborator for operas with paul burani?	  Paul Burani collaborated with several librettists on his operas, including Alessandro Striggio, Vincenzo Galilei, and Marco da Gagliano.
4693	which video games comes after unreal engine?	  There is no specific game that comes after Unreal Engine. Unreal Engine is a game engine used to create video games and other interactive experiences. The games that are created using Unreal Engine are determined by the developers who create them.
4694	what radio episode was about battle of lexington and concord?	  The episode of the radio show American RadioWorks titled "The Shot Heard Round the World: The Battle of Lexington and Concord" covers this topic.
4695	reaction engines ltd designed which aircraft models?	  Reaction Engines Ltd is a British aerospace manufacturer that has designed a number of aircraft models, including the Skylon spaceplane, the A2 hypersonic airliner, the Sabre engine, and the LAPCAT long-range aircraft.
4696	what measurement system contains joule per cubic metre?	  The International System of Units (SI) contains the unit joule per cubic metre (J/m^3).
4697	what unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include short ton?	  The unit of length associated with a measurement system whose mass units include short tons is feet.
4698	which astronauts follow religions based on holy bible?	  There are several astronauts who follow religions based on the Bible, including Story Musgrave, Jeffrey Hoffman, and Roberta Bondar.
4699	what book is of the genre adventure movie and horror fiction?	  The Shining by Stephen King is a classic example of a book that combines adventure and horror fiction.
4700	naraku belongs to what video game engine family?	  Naraku belongs to the Unreal Engine family.
4701	what system does have fathom measurement unit?	  Fathom is a unit of length measurement commonly used in the United States and the United Kingdom. It is equal to six feet, or 1.8288 meters. The Imperial system of measurement and the United States customary system of measurement both have fathom as a unit of measurement.
4702	which play is produced by the illusion?	  The Illusion, a play by French playwright Pierre Corneille, is produced by the Illusion Theatre Company.
4703	which video game version is distributed through xbox live!?	  The Xbox Live Marketplace offers a wide variety of video game titles for purchase or download, including both Xbox 360 and Xbox One games.
4704	repton is a part of which video game compilation?	  Repton is part of the BBC Microcomputer System's Elite Collection.
4705	which film producer is the shortest?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the height of film producers varies.
4706	new frontiers program was part of which mission?	  The New Frontiers Program was part of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s (NASA) Vision for Space Exploration. The program was established in 2003 to explore the solar system with robotic spacecraft, and it has completed four successful missions to date: New Horizons, Dawn, Juno, and OSIRIS-REx.
4707	who is the conference sponsor of the playmakers?	  The conference sponsor of the Playmakers is the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).
4708	what unit of frequency in the measurement system has a current density unit in ampere per square metre?	  The unit of frequency in the measurement system with a current density unit in amperes per square metre is the hertz (Hz).
4709	which conference series belongs to the same conference event as omni providence hotel?	  The Omni Providence Hotel is part of the Omni Hotels & Resorts Conference Series.
4710	international system of units system has what unit of charge?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the coulomb (C) as the unit of electric charge.
4711	under what measurement system is poundal an angular velocity unit?	  Poundal is an angular velocity unit under the foot-pound-second (FPS) measurement system.
4712	hitachi builds what number of electric locomotive classes?	  Hitachi has built more than 60 different classes of electric locomotives.
4713	what class of locomotive was the first ever introduced?	  The first locomotive ever introduced was the Steam Locomotive, developed by George Stephenson in 1814.
4714	13 is the typical age minimum for which grade level?	  Grade 7.
4715	which conference series is sponsored by sweden social web camp ab, and is also a type of unconference?	  The Sweden Social Web Camp Unconference Series.
4716	the international system of units uses what unit for radiant intensity?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the watt per steradian (W/sr) as the unit for radiant intensity.
4717	which measurement system has the molar heat capacity units of joule per mole per kelvin?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the molar heat capacity units of joule per mole per kelvin.
4718	in the non-si units mentioned in the si system what unit of time is used?	  The non-SI unit of time most commonly used in the SI system is the second.
4719	how many units of energy are there in the measurement system which has the specific cubic metre per kilogram volume units?	  There is no single answer to this question as the amount of energy in a specific cubic metre per kilogram volume unit will depend on the type of material being measured.
4720	1.0 in teus measures what?	  1.0 TEU (twenty-foot equivalent unit) is a measure of containerized cargo capacity equal to one standard 20-foot (6.1 m) long shipping container. It is also commonly referred to as a "TEU" or "container".
4721	find the journal article with latest copyright date	  The journal article with the latest copyright date can be found by searching for a specific journal title in a library database. For example, searching "Science" in the ProQuest database will provide a list of the most recently published articles, with the copyright date listed at the top of each article.
4722	find all book edition series that belong to the same series with ace science fiction specials series 2	  1. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 1 2. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 3 3. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 4 4. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 5 5. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 6 6. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 7 7. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 8 8. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 9 9. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 10 10. Ace Science Fiction Specials Series 11
4723	which conference sponsor also sponsored the conference series with openshift?	  Red Hat is the primary sponsor of the OpenShift Conference Series.
4724	which unit of resistivity is under the international system of units measurement system?	  The unit of resistivity under the International System of Units (SI) is the ohm-meter (Ω⋅m).
4725	name the sponsors of geschichte des revolutionszeitalters (j. burckhardt / uni basel 1867-1882).	  1. University of Basel 2. Swiss National Science Foundation 3. Swiss Federal Institute of Technology 4. Swiss National Library 5. Swiss National Museum 6. Swiss Federal Office of Culture 7. Swiss Academy of Humanities and Social Sciences 8. Swiss Society for History and Prehistory
4726	what unit of temperature in kelvins has the smallest zero point?	  The Kelvin scale has the lowest zero point of any unit of temperature measurement, at absolute zero (0 K).
4727	in which measurement system, coulomb per square metre is the electric flux density unit?	  The coulomb per square metre (C/m2) is the unit of electric flux density in the International System of Units (SI).
4728	what unit of data transmission rate has a rate in bits per second larger than 8e+09?	  The unit of data transmission rate with a rate larger than 8e+09 bits per second is Terabits per second (Tbps).
4729	series international joint conference on automated reasoning has what conference subject?	  Automated Reasoning.
4730	which hotel brand is owned by pierre & vacances?	  Pierre & Vacances owns the Pierre & Vacances Hotels & Residences brand.
4731	what drug formulation category uses goserelin acetate as an active ingredient?	  Goserelin acetate is a hormone therapy drug used to treat certain types of cancers, including prostate and breast cancer. It is available as an injection and belongs to the drug formulation category of long-acting injectable hormonal therapies.
4732	what unit of energy is in atomic units?	  Atomic units of energy are usually measured in Hartrees (E_h).
4733	what unit is used to measure specific energy in international system of units?	  The unit used to measure specific energy in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per kilogram (J/kg).
4734	what is the unit of force with the lowest force in newtons?	  The lowest unit of force in the metric system is the millinewton (mN), which is equal to 0.001 newtons.
4735	name the comics that has phoenix force.	  The Phoenix Force is a powerful entity that has appeared in various Marvel Comics publications, most notably in Uncanny X-Men.
4736	what is the unit of illuminance in international system of units?	  The unit of illuminance in the International System of Units (SI) is lux (lx).
4737	match day appears in which video games?	  Match day appears in the video game series Pro Evolution Soccer (PES).
4738	the taiwanese units of measurement incorpates how many units of length?	  There are three units of length in the Taiwanese units of measurement: the chi (尺), the cun (寸), and the fen (分).
4739	what tv subject is associated with a tv program whose filming locations include canada?	  The TV subject associated with a TV program whose filming locations include Canada is Canadian television.
4740	name the royal line that was preceded by house of poniatowski and succeeded by house of leszczyński.	  The royal line that was preceded by the House of Poniatowski and succeeded by the House of Leszczyński was the House of Saxony.
4741	what video games has the genre post-apocalyptic fiction?	  -Fallout -Metro -The Last of Us -S.T.A.L.K.E.R. -State of Decay -Rage -Resident Evil 5 -Dead Island -Mad Max -Days Gone
4742	ron perlman and which astronaut have the same ethnicity?	  The only astronaut with the same ethnicity as Itzhak Perlman is Israeli astronaut Ilan Ramon.
4743	in the measurement system where luminous flux units of lumens is used, what is the unit of charge?	  The unit of charge in the measurement system where luminous flux units of lumens is used is the Coulomb (C).
4744	the measurement system of international system of units is used by which unit of density?	  The measurement system of the International System of Units (SI) uses the kilogram per cubic meter (kg/m3) as the unit of density.
4745	which type of fictional setting includes seventh sphere?	  A seventh sphere is a type of fictional setting that is commonly found in fantasy and science fiction works. It is usually an alternate reality or a parallel dimension, often populated by supernatural creatures and beings.
4746	which railways are within the network of the trans-siberian railway network?	  The Trans-Siberian Railway network includes the Baikal-Amur Mainline, Trans-Mongolian Railway, and Trans-Manchurian Railway.
4747	what is the unit of specific energy that has at most an energy of 1.0 joules per kilogram?	  The unit of specific energy is joules per kilogram (J/kg).
4748	which is the unit of power in the measurement system that uses henries?	  The unit of power in the measurement system that uses henries is watts (W).
4749	what is the unit of molar energy in international system of units?	  The unit of molar energy in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per mole (J/mol).
4750	what is the image stabilization type used by digital cameras produced by cannon powershot?	  The Canon Powershot digital cameras use Optical Image Stabilization (OIS).
4751	reciprocal metre is the wavenumber unit in what measurement system?	  Reciprocal metre is a unit of measurement in the SI (International System of Units) system.
4752	calibos is referred to as what character rank?	  Calibos is referred to as a villain or antagonist in the 1981 film Clash of the Titans.
4753	which system of measurement does the energy units megaelectronvolt belong to?	  The megaelectronvolt (MeV) is a unit of energy in the International System of Units (SI).
4754	paula m. varsano is a member of what department?	  Paula M. Varsano is a member of the Department of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School.
4755	the permittivity in farads per meter 1.0 has which unit of permittivity?	  The unit of permittivity for 1.0 Farads per meter is Farads per meter (F/m).
4756	penfield railway line is included in which rail network?	  The Penfield railway line is part of the Adelaide Metro network in South Australia.
4757	name the inverse temperature unit international system of units have?	  The inverse temperature unit in the International System of Units is the kelvin (K).
4758	what type of measurement is 1.0 strength in volts/meter?	  This is a measurement of electric field strength.
4759	balance board supports the south korea region in what game version?	  The South Korea region is only supported in the Nintendo Switch version of the game.
4760	buildings is a type of which fictional setting?	  Fantasy.
4761	the 1.0 flux in lumens is what unit of luminous flux?	  The 1.0 flux in lumens is a unit of luminous flux called lumens (lm).
4762	what is used as the unit of area in the same measurement system used by ohm meter?	  In the same measurement system used by an ohmmeter, the unit of area is typically square meters (m2).
4763	what is the gameplay mode of the musical game that has the version of ultimate band?	  The gameplay mode of Ultimate Band is a story mode where you create a band and then progress through the game by playing gigs, recording albums, and competing in tournaments. You can also play in quick play mode, which allows you to play songs from the game's soundtrack.
4764	which exhibition subject does sidney nolan belong to?	  Sidney Nolan is associated with the Australian modernist art movement, which is a part of the larger modernism movement in the arts.
4765	gershwin composed what tv song?	  Gershwin composed the song "Rhapsody in Blue", which was used as the theme song for the TV series "The Twilight Zone".
4766	international system of units is in what unit of radiant intensity?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not have a unit of radiant intensity. Radiant intensity is typically measured in watts per steradian (W/sr).
4767	what is the number of video game compilations with the genre of computer rpg?	  It is difficult to answer this question definitively as the number of video game compilations with the genre of computer RPG is constantly changing. However, according to the website Metacritic, there are currently over 180 video game compilations with the genre of computer RPG.
4768	how is surface density measured in international system of units?	  Surface density is typically measured in kilograms per square meter (kg/m2) in the International System of Units (SI).
4769	what is the name of the unit of energy that is 1000.0 joules per mole?	  The unit of energy that is 1000.0 joules per mole is the kilojoule per mole (kJ/mol).
4770	what is the unit of data transmission that has a rate in bits per second bigger than 1e+12?	  The unit of data transmission with a rate bigger than 1e+12 is the Terabit per second (Tbps).
4771	which disney amusement part rides have the capacity less that 24 per hour?	  The following Disney amusement park rides have a capacity of less than 24 per hour:  -Dumbo the Flying Elephant -Mad Tea Party -The Barnstormer -Prince Charming Regal Carrousel -The Magic Carpets of Aladdin -Under the Sea ~ Journey of The Little Mermaid -Astro Orbiter -Tomorrowland Speedway -Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin -The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh -Monsters, Inc. Laugh Floor -Pirates of the Caribbean -The Haunted Mansion -It's a Small World
4772	which radio episode was about questioning the millennium: a rationalist's guide to a precisely arbitrary countdown?	  This episode is from the podcast Radiolab and is titled "Countdown".
4773	what was the earliest introduced locomotive class?	  The earliest introduced locomotive class was the Bury, Curtis, and Kennedy 0-4-0 locomotives, which were first introduced in 1812.
4774	joule per kelvin belongs to the same measurement system as what unit of plane angle?	  radian
4775	what are the ratings in the computer entertainment rating organization video game rating system?	  The Computer Entertainment Rating Organization (CERO) video game rating system is used in Japan and consists of the following five ratings:  A (All Ages): Suitable for all ages.  B (Ages 12 and Up): Suitable for ages 12 and up.  C (Ages 15 and Up): Suitable for ages 15 and up.  D (Ages 17 and Up): Suitable for ages 17 and up.  Z (Ages 18 and Up): Suitable for ages 18 and up.
4776	what is the fruit source associated with wine the color of red wine?	  Grapes are the main fruit source associated with red wine.
4777	what artist recorded time for love?	  The artist Chris Brown recorded the song "Time for Love".
4778	pony is what animal breed?	  Pony is a type of small horse.
4779	1.0 grays per second is the absorbed dose rate of what unit?	  Gray per second (Gy/s) is the unit of absorbed dose rate.
4780	golden ocala golf & equestrian club is a facility within which golf course?	  Golden Ocala Golf & Equestrian Club is located on an 18-hole championship golf course designed by Ron Garl.
4781	the international system of units uses what unit for speed?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the unit of meters per second (m/s) for speed.
4782	what gameplay mode does elder scrolls iv: shivering isles provide?	  Elder Scrolls IV: Shivering Isles provides an expansion pack with a new realm to explore and new quests to complete in an open-world RPG format.
4783	what's the unit of energy in centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The unit of energy in the centimetre–gram–second system of units is the erg (ergs).
4784	which video game publisher has the pixeljunk racer game versions published ?	  The video game publisher for the PixelJunk Racer game versions is Q-Games.
4785	which comic strip character has the biggest height?	  There is no definitive answer to this question, as the heights of comic strip characters vary greatly. Some of the tallest comic strip characters include Hagar the Horrible, Dagwood Bumstead, and Beetle Bailey.
4786	whatt series of conference belongs to the same conference event as boston convention center?	  The Boston Convention & Exhibition Center hosts a variety of conferences throughout the year, including the New England Food Show, the Boston International Auto Show, the Boston Flower & Garden Show, the Boston Comic Con, the Boston International Antiquarian Book Fair, and the Boston International Fine Art Show.
4787	what is the medical trial design that uses a study of atvogen in healthy volunteers and hiv-infected patients who have no symptoms of infection which has an expected total enrollment with the lowest number?	  The most appropriate medical trial design for this study would be a Phase I clinical trial. A Phase I clinical trial is designed to evaluate the safety of a new treatment, and typically involves a small number of healthy volunteers and/or patients with the condition being studied. In this case, the expected total enrollment would be the lowest number of participants necessary to demonstrate safety and tolerability of the ATVogen in both healthy volunteers and HIV-infected patients who have no symptoms of infection.
4788	where will the 64th world science fiction convention conference be held?	  The 64th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon) will be held in Kansas City, Missouri, USA from August 17-21, 2022.
4789	the greek passion is an opera that was written by which librettists?	  The Greek Passion was written by librettists Michael and Christopher Hassall.
4790	what conference sponsor sponsored the same conference series with openshift?	  Red Hat is the primary sponsor of the OpenShift Summit series.
4791	what is the name of the unit of energy in the measurement system with gram per cubic centimetre?	  The unit of energy in the measurement system with gram per cubic centimetre is the joule (J).
4792	the international system of units uses which units for amount concentration?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the unit mole (mol) for amount concentration.
4793	what is the name of the wine has the maximum percent new oak?	  The wine with the highest percentage of new oak is Château Montrose, a Bordeaux blend from the Saint-Estèphe appellation in France.
4794	which video game versions were released in americas?	  There are many video game versions that have been released in the Americas, including the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo 3DS, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube.
4795	what video game designer has designed both mario & sonic at the olympics and sonic rivals?	  The video game designer is Takashi Iizuka.
4796	what drug class is enzyme inhibitor?	  Enzyme inhibitors are a type of drug that belong to the class of drugs known as enzyme modulators.
4797	what measurement system is kilobit per second the unit for data rate?	  Kilobit per second (kbps) is a unit of data rate in the International System of Units (SI).
4798	writing is the focal topic of what conference event?	  The annual National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo) conference is a conference event dedicated to the topic of novel-writing.
4799	the genres continuous integration and build automation are part of which software/	development process?  Continuous integration and build automation are part of the software development process. Continuous integration involves automating the process of merging code changes from multiple developers into a shared code repository, while build automation involves automating the process of building a software application from source code.
4800	what is the camera sensor manufacturer of panasonic lumix dmc-gf3?	  The Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF3 uses a 12.1 megapixel Live MOS sensor manufactured by Panasonic.
4801	what is the design of the medical trial for safety and effectiveness of giving indinavir plus stavudine plus lamivudine to hiv-infected children and a study of zidovudine in hiv-infected patients with liver disease?	  The design of the medical trial should include a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. The study should include two groups: a treatment group and a control group. In the treatment group, participants will receive indinavir plus stavudine plus lamivudine, while the control group will receive a placebo. The trial should also include a comparison group of HIV-infected patients with liver disease who will receive zidovudine. Outcomes should be measured for safety, effectiveness, and any other relevant factors. The trial should be conducted over a period of several months, with regular follow-up visits to assess the progress of participants.
4802	radio sisterhood of hope has what subject?	  The Sisterhood of Hope is a radio show that focuses on inspiring stories of hope and resilience, featuring stories of women overcoming adversity and finding success in their lives.
4803	what is the data transmission rate in bits per second at maximum rate?	  The maximum data transmission rate in bits per second depends on the type of connection. For example, a typical Ethernet network connection has a maximum data transmission rate of up to 1 Gbps (1 billion bits per second). However, faster connection speeds are available with other types of connections, such as fiber optic networks, which can reach speeds of up to 10 Gbps (10 billion bits per second).
4804	david c. cook published what comic book series that is in the genre christian religion?	  David C. Cook published the comic book series "The Bible Story," which is in the Christian religion genre.
4805	which video game engine does proceed quake iii engine?	  The id Tech 3 engine, which is based on the Quake III engine, is used in several popular video games, including Return to Castle Wolfenstein, Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory, Wolfenstein (2009), Doom 3, Quake 4, Prey, and Enemy Territory: Quake Wars.
4806	where can i find the genomic locus in chromosome x (human)?	  The genomic locus in chromosome X can be found in the Human Genome Variation Database (HGVD) at https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/SNP/snp_ref.cgi?rs=X.
4807	what is a mod for the video game entitled hl1?	  The most popular mod for Half-Life 1 is Counter-Strike. It is a multiplayer shooter mod that has been around since 1999 and is still popular today. Other popular mods include Day of Defeat, The Specialists, and Gunman Chronicles.
4808	what is the tv station with the latest founding date?	  The latest founding date for a television station is that of KVBC in Las Vegas, Nevada, which began broadcasting on July 15, 1953.
4809	what was the producer's name who produced the radio program on un member states?	  The producer of the radio program on UN Member States was not specified.
4810	what game is supported by a powerpc computer processor?	  Many games are supported by a PowerPC computer processor, including popular titles such as World of Warcraft, Counter-Strike, and Minecraft.
4811	can you name the theater with the largest seating capacity?	  The Gwanghwamun Plaza in Seoul, South Korea has the largest theater seating capacity at 15,000.
4812	in the international system of units what is the unit of catalytic activity?	  The unit of catalytic activity in the International System of Units (SI) is the katal (kat).
4813	terrapin gardens started what website?	  Terrapin Gardens does not have a website.
4814	what is the unit of energy that has the greatest energy in joules?	  The unit of energy with the greatest energy in joules is the exajoule (EJ). One exajoule is equal to one quintillion (1018) joules.
4815	which of the chromosomes has the genomic locus of human cytogenetic band 6q26?	  The chromosome 6 has the genomic locus of human cytogenetic band 6q26.
4816	what video games have the 720° in them?	  The only game that comes to mind with the 720° in it is Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, which is a skateboarding game released in 1999 for various gaming consoles.
4817	the wii motionplus supports what video games?	  The Wii MotionPlus supports a variety of Wii and Wii U games, including popular titles such as Wii Sports Resort, The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword, Mario Kart Wii, Wii Fit Plus, Super Mario Galaxy, and many more.
4818	in which play is there a character called martin dysart?	  The play is called "Equus" by Peter Shaffer. Martin Dysart is the lead character in the play.
4819	what machines have 2 pistons?	  Two common machines that have two pistons are internal combustion engines and steam engines. Internal combustion engines are commonly found in cars, trucks, and other motorized vehicles, while steam engines are typically used in locomotives, ships, and other industrial applications.
4820	which museum has director timothy potts	  Timothy Potts is the Director of the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles.
4821	british rail class 04 belongs to which locomotive class?	  The British Rail Class 04 is a class of 0-4-0 diesel-mechanical shunting locomotives. They were built between 1952 and 1962 by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow, Scotland.
4822	what channel access method is aloha the child method of?	  Aloha is the child method of the Random Access Channel Access Method.
4823	tesla is used as the magnetic flux density unit in what measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
4824	what video game designer designed video game which is part of the journeyman project?	  The video game designer for The Journeyman Project is Rand Miller.
4825	what radio program made it's broadcasting debut with the first episode on 1943-05-25?	  The Answer: The Jack Benny Program
4826	after apr. the 2nd, 2009, which song was added to rb.?	  The song added to RB after April 2, 2009 was "Blame It" by Jamie Foxx featuring T-Pain.
4827	what software has genres that include video editing software and non-linear editing system?	  Adobe Premiere Pro is a popular video editing software that includes both video editing and non-linear editing systems. Other popular video editing software with these features include Final Cut Pro, Avid Media Composer, and DaVinci Resolve.
4828	what gameplay mode does the sims: vacation provide?	  The Sims: Vacation provides a Vacation mode, where players can take their Sims on vacation to a variety of different vacation spots. Players can explore the vacation destination, build relationships with other Sims, and participate in activities to increase their vacation score.
4829	what measures 1.0 in teus?	  1 TEU (Twenty-foot Equivalent Unit) is equal to one standard 20-foot shipping container.
4830	what olympic game consists of the lowest number of events?	  The Winter Olympic Games consist of the lowest number of events, with a total of 15.
4831	mormon theology has how many worship place types?	  Mormon theology has two types of worship places: chapels and temples.
4832	megasecond is used as a luminance unit by which measurement system?	  The megasecond is not a unit of measure used in any system.
4833	what is a similar profession to male model?	  Fashion Model
4834	hands on a hardbody was choreographed by who?	  The musical Hands on a Hardbody was choreographed by Sergio Trujillo.
4835	what is the previous game of sonic adventure?	  The previous game in the Sonic series before Sonic Adventure was Sonic 3D Blast, released for the Sega Genesis in 1996.
4836	to which class does western hussar belong?	  Western hussars were a type of light cavalry in the 18th and 19th centuries, typically armed with lances and sabres. They belonged to the light cavalry class.
4837	what is the core text of protestantism and honored by evensong practitioners?	  The core text of Protestantism is the Bible, which is honored by Evensong practitioners through the reading and interpretation of its teachings.
4838	how many books are written by douglas v porpora in english-language?	  At the time of this writing, there are five books written by Douglas V. Porpora in English-language: "The Philosophy of Habermas", "The Social Construction of Reality", "Social Movements and the Transformation of American Religion", "The Empirical Stance", and "Philosophical Perspectives on Religion".
4839	which unit of moment of force is the si base unit of torqued?	  The SI base unit of torque is the Newton-meter (Nm).
4840	which unit of conductance has no more than 1.0 siemens?	  Millisiemens (mS) has a maximum of 1.0 siemens.
4841	the bivings report » podcasts - podcast feed contains what?	  The Bivings Report podcast feed contains audio recordings of interviews and conversations with experts in the digital marketing industry. These conversations cover topics such as digital strategy, content marketing, social media, analytics, and more.
4842	tournament of legends uses which video game engine?	  Tournament of Legends uses the Unreal Engine 3.
4843	what unit is used in the international system of units measurements?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the metric system of measurements, which is based on the meter, kilogram, second, ampere, kelvin, mole, and candela.
4844	name the programming language developed by matt kaufmann	  The programming language developed by Matt Kaufmann is called KIV.
4845	what is the name of the video game version that was developed by the developer of metal max?	  The game is called Metal Max Xeno.
4846	in the international system of units, what is he unit of the absorbed dose rate?	  The unit of absorbed dose rate in the international system of units is gray per second (Gy/s).
4847	a branch of millerism performs what practice?	  Millerism is a branch of the Second Great Awakening movement of the early 19th century, which focused on the imminent return of Jesus Christ. Millerites practiced a form of Christian eschatology, or the study of the end times, and believed that Christ's return was imminent and that the world would end soon. They held prayer meetings and studied the Bible, and some Millerites even sold their possessions in preparation for the end of the world.
4848	what is the amount of computing platforms that support crd?	  There is no definitive answer to this question, as there are a wide variety of computing platforms that support CRD (Cloud Resource Discovery). Some of the more popular platforms that support CRD include Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, IBM Cloud, and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.
4849	the international system of units measurement system uses which unit as a measurement of heat capacity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule (J) as the unit of measurement for heat capacity.
4850	name an alkaline battery type	  AA, AAA, C, D, 9V
4851	what's the name of the radio episode about the carl sandburg?	  The episode is called "Carl Sandburg: The People's Poet."
4852	what conference is associated with the same venue as electronic entertainment expo 2014?	  The 2014 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center. Other conferences that have been held at the Los Angeles Convention Center include the National Association of Broadcasters Show, the American Film Market, the Los Angeles Auto Show, and the Anime Expo.
4853	spinnakers brewery brewery/brand manufactures what beer?	  Spinnakers Brewery produces a wide range of craft beers, including IPAs, lagers, stouts, porters, wheat beers, and more. They also offer seasonal and limited-edition beers.
4854	where is iui 2014 being held?	  The 2014 International Urogynecological Association (IUGA) Congress will be held in Rome, Italy from June 19-22.
4855	what is the platform of chevrolet corvette (c7)?	  The Chevrolet Corvette C7 is a sports car that was produced by Chevrolet from 2014 to 2019. It is powered by a 6.2-liter V8 engine and is available with either a 7-speed manual transmission or an 8-speed automatic transmission.
4856	what computer emulator has the peripherals of zxcf?	  The most popular computer emulator that has the peripherals of the ZXCF is the Fuse emulator. Fuse is an open-source emulator for the ZX Spectrum range of computers and devices, written by Philip Kendall and others. It is available for Windows, Linux and MacOS.
4857	which conference sponsor also sponsored the same conference series with atlassian software systems?	  The main sponsor of the conference series with Atlassian Software Systems is Microsoft.
4858	what is the parent model computer to the one designed by steve wozniak?	  The parent model computer to the one designed by Steve Wozniak is the Altair 8800, which was the first commercially successful personal computer.
4859	in the tuvalu islands how many families are there?	  It is not possible to provide an exact figure as the population of Tuvalu is constantly changing. According to the 2019 census, the total population of Tuvalu was 11,636 people living in 2,867 households.
4860	norman i. adams developed what programming language?	  Norman I. Adams did not develop a programming language.
4861	name of the amusement ride with the duration of 194.0?	  The ride is called "The Grand Carousel" and it lasts for 194.0 minutes.
4862	who designed minecraft alpha and challenge pro mode arena?	  Minecraft Alpha and Challenge Pro Mode Arena was designed by Mojang Studios.
4863	which unit of absorbed equals to 0.01 dose in grays?	  0.01 dose in grays is equal to 1 milligray (mGy).
4864	which unit of time is in a measurement system with illuminance units lux?	  Lux is a unit of illuminance, which is a measure of the amount of light per unit area. The unit of time associated with lux measurements is typically seconds.
4865	what catholic-based holiday is a part of holy week?	  The most prominent Catholic-based holiday during Holy Week is Easter Sunday.
4866	stumfilm made which release of music?	  Stumfilm is a production company that produces music videos and other visual media. They have released music videos for artists such as The Weeknd, Zedd, and Kaskade.
4867	which galaxy contains constellation gemini constellation?	  The constellation of Gemini is located in the Milky Way galaxy.
4868	uss franklin d. roosevelt was built by what ship builder?	  The USS Franklin D. Roosevelt was built by Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company.
4869	name the programming language developed by thinking machines	  The programming language developed by Thinking Machines was called "Lisp Machine Lisp" (or "LML").
4870	which video game engine family contains crafty?	  The Crafty game engine family is part of the Unity game engine family.
4871	what is the name of the cyclist that speaks one of the same languages that jevgenij veinberg speaks?	  There is no single cyclist who speaks one of the same languages as Jevgenij Veinberg.
4872	who built the locomotive for the south african class 16 4-6-2?	  The South African Class 16 4-6-2 locomotive was built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow, Scotland.
4873	how many number of religions practice homesteading?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as there are many different religions that practice homesteading. Some of the most common include Christianity, Islam, Judaism, Buddhism, Hinduism, and Jainism.
4874	which video game developer developed farmer jack and the hedge monkeys!?	  The video game developer that developed Farmer Jack and the Hedge Monkeys is Nitrome.
4875	name the video game that was an expansion of gauntlet: the deeper dungeons.	  Gauntlet: The Deeper Dungeons
4876	which american football player has the largest weight?	  At the time of writing, the heaviest player in the NFL is Trent Brown of the New England Patriots, who weighs a whopping 380 pounds.
4877	two hundred years ago tonight radio program episode was called what?	  The episode of Two Hundred Years Ago Tonight that aired on October 18, 2020 was called "The Battle of Trafalgar: Nelson's Last Stand".
4878	aric wilmunder developed what video game engine?	  The Torque Game Engine (formerly known as the GarageGames Torque Game Engine) was developed by GarageGames, a company founded in 2000 by Mike Kulas, Jeff Tunnell, Rick Overman, and Tim Gift. It was acquired by IAC in 2007 and renamed to the Torque Game Engine.
4879	the absorbed dose unit in international system of units is what?	  The absorbed dose unit in the International System of Units (SI) is the gray (Gy).
4880	the catholic church associates with which religious organization?	  The Catholic Church is associated with Christianity.
4881	which measurement unit has the plane angle units of radian?	  Radians are a unit of plane angle measurement, along with degrees and gradians.
4882	what additional amendment was proposed by the same person to initially propose of the sixth amendment?	  The same person who proposed the Sixth Amendment also proposed the Seventh Amendment, which guarantees the right to a jury trial in certain civil cases.
4883	when it comes to a toy what is the number of collectible items included?	  The number of collectible items included in a toy can vary greatly depending on the toy. Some toys may include only a few collectible items, while others may include dozens or even hundreds.
4884	the recipes of duck confit were created by what author?	  The original recipe for duck confit is attributed to French chef Claude Verger.
4885	what is the time zone that has an offset from utc of 4.0?	  The time zone with an offset from UTC of 4.0 is the Gulf Standard Time (GST) zone.
4886	nudity is used as a descriptive word in which video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the organization responsible for rating video games in North America. The ESRB ratings include descriptors for content such as violence, language, and nudity.
4887	which video game developer created a video game mod that uses game engine bigworld technology?	  The video game developer that created a video game mod that uses Bigworld Technology is Wargaming.net.
4888	rené meister produced what musical recording?	  René Meister has produced recordings for a variety of artists, including the Grammy-nominated album "The Voice of the People" by the Blind Boys of Alabama, the critically acclaimed "The Good Road" by The Steel Wheels, and the holiday album "Christmas in the Valley" by the Infamous Stringdusters.
4889	what is the musical instrument of philip myers?	  Philip Myers is a French horn player, so his musical instrument is the French horn.
4890	name the unit of mass used in the same measurement system as pascal second.	  Kilogram (kg)
4891	which video game is released in 2007-01-19?	  The video game released on 2007-01-19 was Ace Combat Zero: The Belkan War for the PlayStation 2.
4892	what is the start date of the earliest election contest?	  The earliest known election contest dates back to the 6th century BC in ancient Greece.
4893	western campaigner belongs to what class?	  The western campaigner belongs to the working class.
4894	what game engine came before chrome engine?	  The original Chrome Engine was preceded by the Chrome Engine 5, which was used in the original Chrome game released in 2003.
4895	which type of fictional setting has shakari?	  Shakari is a fictional world created by author C.L. Wilson for her Tairen Soul series of fantasy novels. It is a world of magic and adventure, with a unique blend of cultures and creatures. The setting includes a variety of landscapes, from lush forests and snow-capped mountains to deserts and jungles. The world also features a variety of magical creatures, including dragons, fairies, and other mythical beings.
4896	how many comic book writers are also professional singers?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it is impossible to know the exact number of comic book writers who are also professional singers.
4897	how many active websites does vivek rp own?	  Vivek RP does not own any websites.
4898	microseconds was used as luminace unit for what type of measurement system?	  Microseconds was used as a luminance unit in the American National Standard Institute's (ANSI) measurement system for the brightness of a computer display.
4899	wavenumber unit is a reciprocal metre in which measurement system?	  The wavenumber unit is a reciprocal metre in the International System of Units (SI).
4900	what unit of power is associated with a measurement system having a magnetic field strength units including ampere per metre?	  The unit of power associated with a measurement system having a magnetic field strength units including ampere per metre is the watt (W).
4901	name the steam locomotive class with the largest gauge (mm).	  The Russian Decapod 2-10-0 (2A) is the steam locomotive class with the largest gauge of 1524 mm.
4902	what is neely o'hara and elan's job?	  Neely O'Hara and Elan are both professional dancers. They specialize in contemporary dance, hip-hop, and jazz.
4903	what is the unit of length in astronomical units of length?	  Astronomical units (AU) are a unit of length equal to the average distance between the Earth and the Sun, or about 93 million miles (150 million kilometers).
4904	what conference subject is covered by logic in computer science?	  Logic in computer science can cover a wide range of topics, including automated reasoning, type theory, model checking, programming language design and implementation, database theory, knowledge representation, and more.
4905	how many units of length are there in the non-si units mentioned in the si?	  There are four non-SI units of length mentioned in the SI: the inch, the foot, the yard, and the mile.
4906	what rocket engines can thrust 1.1025e+06?	  Rocket engines with a thrust of 1.1025e+06 Newtons (or 250,000 pounds of thrust) include the Space Shuttle Main Engine (SSME), the RD-180 engine, and the RS-25 engine.
4907	how many meteor showers resulted from 26p/grigg–skjellerup?	  There have been over 20 recorded meteor showers associated with the comet 26P/Grigg-Skjellerup.
4908	name the musical release that has the tracks of first black?	  The first musical release by a black artist is often credited to the Fisk Jubilee Singers, who released their first album in 1871. The album was titled "Songs of Jubilee" and featured spirituals and folk songs.
4909	the largest catchment area describes which lake?	  The largest catchment area is associated with Lake Baikal in Siberia, Russia. It covers an area of over 1.6 million square kilometers, making it the largest freshwater lake in the world by catchment area.
4910	the warwick uni school newspaper is owned by who?	  The Warwick University School Newspaper is owned and published by the University of Warwick Students' Union.
4911	the rolling stones american tour 1969 is part of what concert tour?	  The Rolling Stones American Tour 1969 was part of the band's 1969 North American Tour.
4912	the person who founded the vigiles also founded what government agency?	  The person who founded the Vigiles was Emperor Augustus, and he also founded the Roman Imperial Police Force.
4913	bioshock infinite: burial at sea is an expansion of what video game?	  BioShock Infinite.
4914	find the adherents of bahá'í faith.	  Adherents of the Bahá'í Faith are found in more than 200 countries and territories around the world, with the greatest numbers of adherents found in India, Iran, and the United States. According to official estimates, there are more than 5 million Bahá'ís in the world.
4915	what drug formulation uses fraxinus excelsior leaf as an active ingredient?	  Fraxinus excelsior leaf is used in a homeopathic remedy called Aesculus-Fraxinus Excelsior. It is used to treat symptoms associated with varicose veins, hemorrhoids, and constipation.
4916	which rail network has belair railway line	  Belair Railway Line is part of the Adelaide Metro rail network in South Australia.
4917	what newspaper circulation area is the flight destination of air india flight 403?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing the flight destination.
4918	artist malukah features on which soundtrack?	  Malukah has featured on the soundtracks for several video games, including The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, The Elder Scrolls Online, For Honor, Fallout 4, and Grim Dawn.
4919	what is the unit of data transmission rate with maximum rate in bits per second?	  The unit of data transmission rate with maximum rate in bits per second is called the "bits per second" (bps).
4920	what is the name of the unit of angular acceleration in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of angular acceleration in the International System of Units (SI) is radians per second squared (rad/s2).
4921	which medical specialty is associated with disease or conditions of spinal cord injury?	  Neurology.
4922	1.0 joules per kelvin is the same as which unit of heat capacity?	  1.0 joules per kelvin is the same as 1.0 joules per kelvin per degree Celsius, which is the unit of specific heat capacity.
4923	which is the gameplay mode of the musical game that has the version of totemball?	  The gameplay mode of the musical game that has the version of Totemball is called 'Rhythm Mode'.
4924	what is the unit of data transmission rate in the international system of units for transfers larger than 1000.0 bits per second?	  The unit of data transmission rate in the International System of Units (SI) for transfers larger than 1000.0 bits per second is the megabit per second (Mbps).
4925	what is the video game soundtrack for motorhead?	  The video game soundtrack for Motorhead is composed by Richard Jacques and is available on iTunes and Amazon.
4926	what video game is social innovation the subject of?	  The video game "Beacon" is a social innovation game focused on sustainable development. The game encourages players to create a sustainable future by making decisions that will benefit their community and environment. Players must work together to build a thriving, sustainable society.
4927	who is the producer of a radio program on henry ``hank'' aaron?	  The producer of the radio program on Henry "Hank" Aaron is not known.
4928	which time zone has a dst offset from utc more than 2.0?	  The time zone with a Daylight Saving Time (DST) offset from UTC more than 2.0 is New Zealand Standard Time (NZST), which has an offset of UTC+12:00.
4929	what is the setting for the television series scepter of darkness?	  The Scepter of Darkness is a fantasy television series set in a fictional world of magic and monsters. It follows the adventures of a group of heroes as they seek to defeat the evil forces of the Scepter of Darkness.
4930	how many different breeds from czech republic share the same temperament as the brazilian terrier?	  Unfortunately, there are no known breeds from the Czech Republic that share the same temperament as the Brazilian Terrier.
4931	escavatrix engine is the game engine that is used in which video game?	  The Escavatrix engine is used in the video game, "The Escapists 2".
4932	the romanian units of measurement incorpates how many units of length?	  Romanian units of measurement include three units of length: the metru (metre), the sută (centimetre), and the milimetru (millimetre).
4933	office machinery manufacturing is the business operation of what?	  Office machinery manufacturing is the business operation of designing, producing, and selling machines and equipment that are used in office settings. This includes items such as printers, photocopiers, fax machines, computers, and other office equipment.
4934	the tigrs gave what video game rating?	  The ESRB (Entertainment Software Rating Board) is the organization responsible for assigning video game ratings.
4935	what video games did komodoware entertainment create?	  Komodoware Entertainment created the following video games:  1. Kona 2. The Long Dark 3. Torment: Tides of Numenera 4. Shadowrun Returns 5. Shadowrun: Dragonfall 6. Shadowrun: Hong Kong 7. Sword Coast Legends 8. Expeditions: Viking 9. Expeditions: Conquistador 10. The Age of Decadence
4936	michael gordon has the same ethnicity as which astronaut?	  Michael Gordon does not have an ethnicity associated with him. The ethnicity of astronauts varies widely.
4937	where can i find video games with the rating of elspa: 3+?	  You can find video games with the rating of ELSPA 3+ on various online stores such as Amazon, Walmart, Best Buy, Target, and GameStop.
4938	which measurement system has the specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram?	  The metric system has the specific volume units of cubic metre per kilogram.
4939	name the type of shortest recording by joe lee carter?	  The type of shortest recording by Joe Lee Carter is a single, which is a stand-alone song released as a single track.
4940	what is the unit of luminance in measurement system centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The unit of luminance in the centimetre–gram–second system of units is candela per square metre (cd/m2).
4941	millisiemens is the conductance unit of which measurement system?	  The millisiemens (mS) is the conductance unit of the International System of Units (SI).
4942	fluticasone can be prevented by the risk of what medical condition?	  Fluticasone can be prevented by reducing the risk of asthma attacks and other respiratory illnesses.
4943	what are the uses for imperial system of units and us customary unit?	  Imperial System of Units:  1. Length measurements: Inches, feet, yards, miles 2. Area measurements: Acres 3. Volume measurements: Gallons, quarts, pints, ounces 4. Mass measurements: Pounds, ounces, stones 5. Temperature measurements: Fahrenheit  US Customary Unit:  1. Length measurements: Inches, feet, yards, miles 2. Area measurements: Square feet, square yards, acres 3. Volume measurements: Cups, pints, quarts, gallons 4. Mass measurements: Ounces, pounds, tons 5. Temperature measurements: Celsius, Fahrenheit
4944	ampere per square metre as the current density unit is in what measurement system?	  The ampere per square metre (A/m²) is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
4945	the cebuano is spoken by who?	  The Cebuano language is spoken by the people of the Visayas region in the Philippines, particularly in the provinces of Cebu, Bohol, Negros Oriental, Siquijor, and parts of Leyte and Biliran. It is also spoken by Filipino migrants in other parts of the world, particularly in the United States, Canada, Guam, and the Middle East.
4946	what unit of energy is used in the same measurement system as becquerels for measure of radioactivity?	  The same unit of energy used to measure radioactivity in becquerels is the joule.
4947	what number of video directors originate from the ir√°n?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on many factors, such as the definition of "video directors" and the geographic region of the Iron.
4948	what system of measurement uses henry per metre as a permeability unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the henry per metre (H/m) as a unit of magnetic permeability.
4949	what version of the video game was released most recently?	  That depends on the game. Generally, the most recently released version of any video game is the one currently available for purchase.
4950	which measurement system uses gray as the absorbed dose units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses gray (Gy) as the unit of absorbed dose.
4951	countermeasure belongs to what video game version?	  Countermeasure is a multiplayer mode featured in the original Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare.
4952	gauss is the magnetic flux density unit of what measurement system?	  The gauss is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
4953	what is the name of the video game that was released on nov. the 29th, 1999?	  The video game released on Nov. 29th, 1999 was called Sonic Adventure for the Sega Dreamcast.
4954	what radio station uses the all-news radio format?	  The most popular all-news radio format is found on NPR stations, such as WAMU in Washington, D.C. or KQED in San Francisco.
4955	how many video games are designed by greg johnson?	  Greg Johnson has designed over 20 video games, including the popular ToeJam & Earl series.
4956	the first student practitioner of jkd is named what?	  The first student practitioner of Jeet Kune Do is Bruce Lee.
4957	how many computing platforms support pdf format?	  There are many computing platforms that support the PDF format, including Windows, Mac OS, Linux, iOS, Android, and web browsers.
4958	kilojoule per mole is used as the molar energy unit in what measuring system?	  The kilojoule per mole is used as the molar energy unit in the International System of Units (SI).
4959	how many units of length are there in the atomic units?	  There are four units of length in the atomic units: the bohr (a0), the angstrom (Å), the nanometer (nm), and the picometer (pm).
4960	pascals is the pressure units of which system of measurement?	  The pascal is the pressure unit of the International System of Units (SI).
4961	who was the illustrator of the tatler, november 1956 magazine issue?	  The illustrator of the Tatler magazine, November 1956 issue was Ronald Searle.
4962	.977 the hits channel is produced by which broadcast producer?	  The Hits Channel is produced by the radio broadcasting company Bauer Media Group.
4963	frostbite 2 is the succeeding engine to what video game engine?	  Frostbite 2 is the succeeding engine to the Frostbite engine, which was used in the Battlefield series of video games.
4964	what unit of acceleration has a measurement system with volumetric heat capacity units joule per cubic metre per kelvin?	  The unit of acceleration is Joules per cubic metre per Kelvin per second (J/m³K/s).
4965	5000 is the iso setting on what type of equipment?	  ISO 5000 is the ISO setting on a camera.
4966	which character is leia organa's sibling in the star wars?	  Leia Organa's sibling is Luke Skywalker.
4967	which cyclists share the same language as wilson?	  There is no one language that all cyclists share. Different cyclists may speak different languages, depending on where they are from.
4968	comfort windows uses what slogan to advertise their brand?	  "Windows That Work for You."
4969	introduced no earlier than 1974, what is the paradigm of the programming language used?	  The paradigm of the programming language used would depend on the specific language. Some common paradigms for programming languages introduced in 1974 or later include procedural programming, object-oriented programming, functional programming, and logic programming.
4970	which rail gauge's smallest required width is less than 1435.0?	  The narrow gauge railway system has the smallest required width of 1067 mm (42 inches).
4971	which web browser, developed by mozilla organisation, uses imap?	  Mozilla Firefox does not use IMAP. However, Thunderbird, which is also developed by the Mozilla Organization, does support IMAP.
4972	the publisher international games system puts out which video game?	  International Games System (IGS) publishes a variety of video games, including fighting games, sports games, and role-playing games. Some of their most popular titles include The King of Fighters, Puzzle Star, and Dragon World.
4973	-6.0 dst offset from utc represents what time zone?	  UTC+6.0 corresponds to the time zone of Bangladesh Standard Time.
4974	the 46th ohio infantry is part of which branch of armed forces?	  The 46th Ohio Infantry was part of the Union Army during the American Civil War.
4975	sealing practitioners honor which core text of christian faith?	  The Bible is the core text of the Christian faith.
4976	canon powershot a75 camera sensor manufacturer is whom?	  The Canon PowerShot A75 camera has a CCD (Charge Coupled Device) image sensor manufactured by Sony.
4977	inland sea is an example of which fictional setting?	  The Inland Sea is a fictional setting in the fantasy novel, The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant, the Unbeliever, by Stephen R. Donaldson.
4978	in 1995-07-17, which video game was released?	  The first game released on July 17, 1995 was the fighting game "Virtua Fighter" for the Sega Saturn.
4979	what is the video game that uses the cryengine2?	  Crysis 2 is the video game that uses the CryEngine2.
4980	the amount of 365.0 horsepower describes what engine?	  The amount of 365.0 horsepower describes a V8 engine.
4981	among the courts that are inferior to supreme court of british columbia, which one is founded first?	  The first court founded in British Columbia was the Supreme Court of British Columbia, established in 1869.
4982	what martial artist's favorite film is thx-1138?	  Martial artist Bruce Lee did not appear in the film THX-1138, so it is impossible to say what his favorite film would have been.
4983	what fact in fiction includes creation of the stepsons	  In the classic fairy tale Cinderella, the evil stepmother creates two stepsons for Cinderella to serve.
4984	frostbite engine was preceded by what video game engine?	  The Frostbite engine was preceded by the Refractor engine, which was used in the Battlefield series starting with Battlefield 1942.
4985	what game system controller supports spectrum voice chess?	  The original Spectrum Voice Chess game was released for the ZX Spectrum home computer in 1983, and it is not supported by any modern game system controllers.
4986	c&o railroad owns a what locomotive?	  The CSX Corporation, the parent company of the CSX Transportation railroad, owns a fleet of diesel-electric locomotives.
4987	what radio program is in fusion	  Fusion is a multimedia news and lifestyle network that features programming related to music, pop culture, lifestyle, and news. It does not currently have a radio program.
4988	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 1.1?	  Giraffe
4989	which radio episode was about the childbirth?	  The radio episode about childbirth is "The Birth" from the podcast This American Life.
4990	find the unit of energy that has the largest energy in joules.	  The unit of energy with the largest energy in joules is the exajoule (EJ). One exajoule is equal to 10^18 joules.
4991	the language dogri language is spoken by which ethnic group?	  Dogri is spoken by the Dogri people, an ethnic group living in the Jammu region of India and in parts of Pakistan.
4992	nearing's grace is the adaptation source of which adaptation?	  Nearing's Grace is the source material for the film adaptation of the same name, written and directed by Daniel Nearing.
4993	what drugs include active moieties such as disopyramide?	  Disopyramide is an antiarrhythmic drug and is available in several formulations, including Norpace (disopyramide phosphate), Norpace CR (controlled-release disopyramide phosphate), and Norpace Capsules (disopyramide hydrochloride).
4994	what video game version was developed by the developer of hacker ii: the doomsday papers?	  The original version of Hacker II: The Doomsday Papers was developed by Activision for the Commodore 64 and Apple II computers in 1985.
4995	the games hill street blues are played on what video game platform?	  Hill Street Blues is not a video game. It was a popular television show that aired from 1981 to 1987.
4996	the volume in cubic meters per mole of 1.0 is found in what unit of molar volume?	  The molar volume of 1.0 is typically expressed in cubic meters per mole (m3/mol).
4997	what was the name of the video game that influenced rocks'n'diamonds?	  The game that influenced Rocks'n'Diamonds was the classic Atari game Boulder Dash.
4998	what is the number of game expansions that daybreak game company has published?	  Daybreak Game Company has published over 30 game expansions.
4999	the collection activity of type reborn doll things is under what parent category?	  The parent category for the collection activity of type reborn doll things would be Doll Collecting.
5000	what is the radio format for the station that broadcasts impeachment of evan mecham?	  There is no specific radio format for the broadcast of the impeachment of Evan Mecham. However, it is likely to be broadcast on a news/talk radio station.
5001	what are the political views of the political party communist party of honduras?	  The Communist Party of Honduras (Partido Comunista de Honduras, PCH) is a left-wing political party in Honduras. It is a member of the Foro de São Paulo, an international organization of left-wing political parties in Latin America. The PCH's political platform includes socialist economic policies, the promotion of workers' rights, and the defense of human rights. The party is also in favor of the creation of an independent Palestinian state and the end of US military intervention in Latin America.
5002	wii remotes supports the peripherals of which video game version?	  The Wii Remote is compatible with the Nintendo Wii and Wii U consoles.
5003	which measurement system uses farad per metre as permittivity units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses farad per metre (F/m) as the unit of permittivity.
5004	international system of units uses what unit of resistance?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the ohm (Ω) as the unit of resistance.
5005	which creator of languages, fictional or otherwise, is known as the tallest?	  J.R.R. Tolkien is known as the tallest creator of languages, both fictional and otherwise.
5006	what is the expansion for the video game ff11?	  Final Fantasy XI (FFXI) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed and published by Square Enix. It was released in Japan in 2002 and in North America and Europe in 2004. It is the eleventh installment in the Final Fantasy series.
5007	in grams per joule, what unit of brake specific fuel consumption has the least brake specific fuel consumption	  The unit of brake specific fuel consumption (BSFC) with the least fuel consumption is grams per kilowatt-hour (g/kWh). This unit has a BSFC of 0.3 g/kWh, which is the lowest of all the units of BSFC.
5008	extreme beer is incompatible with what dietary restriction?	  Extreme beer is not compatible with any dietary restriction, as it is usually high in alcohol content, calories, and carbohydrates.
5009	inverse kelvin is an inverse temperature unit for which measurement system?	  The inverse kelvin is a unit of temperature measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
5010	adults.co.uk has which website been initiated from it?	  The website www.adults.co.uk has not been initiated from any other website.
5011	captain ed was published by who?	  Captain Ed was published by Captain Ed's Blog, which was founded and edited by Ed Morrissey.
5012	1.0 inductance in henries is represented by what unit of inductance?	  The unit of inductance for 1.0 henries is 1 henry (H).
5013	what is the name of the region that bandai-namco published the latest released version of its game?	  The latest released version of Bandai-Namco's game was published in North America.
5014	blockforge is what version of video game?	  Blockforge is not a video game. It is a software development platform for creating blockchain-based applications.
5015	sermons delivered before the first society of unitarian christians in the city of philadelphia was written by which author?	  The book Sermons Delivered Before the First Society of Unitarian Christians in the City of Philadelphia was written by William Ellery Channing.
5016	the artist sonia was on the television soundtrack for which television show?	  It is not possible to answer this question with the information provided.
5017	name the unit of acceleration that had the smallest acceleration in meters per second squared.	  Millimeter per second squared (mm/s2)
5018	what video game is supported by guitar hero guitar	  Guitar Hero is a music video game series that has featured a wide variety of songs from various genres of music, including rock, pop, metal, hip-hop, and more. The most recent installment in the series, Guitar Hero Live, features over 200 songs from a variety of artists.
5019	1.0 amperes per square meter belongs to what density unit?	  This is a current density unit, measured in amperes per square meter (A/m^2).
5020	what is the number of contraindications for teriparatide?	  There is no set number of contraindications for teriparatide, as it will depend on the individual patient's medical history. Talk to your doctor to determine if teriparatide is right for you.
5021	ios supports what number of video game distribution systems?	  The Nintendo Switch supports two video game distribution systems: the Nintendo eShop and physical game cards.
5022	the concert films or videos of britney spears live: the femme fatale tour belong to what concert tour?	  The concert films or videos of Britney Spears Live: The Femme Fatale Tour belong to the Femme Fatale Tour, which was a 2011–2012 concert tour by Britney Spears.
5023	donghua university is what kind of school?	  Donghua University is a public university located in Shanghai, China. It is a research-oriented university that offers undergraduate and postgraduate degrees in a wide range of disciplines, including engineering, business, science, and humanities.
5024	what unit of energy is measured in joule per kelvin within the measurement system?	  The unit of energy measured in joules per kelvin within the measurement system is thermal energy.
5025	name the hadron which has an electric charge which is a larger amount than -1.0.	  Proton
5026	what unit of mass is associated with a measurement system that is the measurement system of farads?	  The unit of mass associated with the farad measurement system is the coulomb.
5027	fiona ma is a candidate in what election campaign?	  Fiona Ma is a candidate in the 2021 California gubernatorial election.
5028	which sports team plays cuesports?	  There is no single sports team that plays cuesports. Cuesports, such as pool, snooker, and billiards, are typically played as individual sports or in tournaments.
5029	what is used in the measurement system of international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) is based on seven base units: the metre, kilogram, second, ampere, kelvin, candela and mole. These units are used to measure length, mass, time, electric current, temperature, luminous intensity and amount of substance, respectively.
5030	the amount of 302.0 horsepower describes what engine?	  This amount of horsepower typically describes a V8 engine.
5031	prototype supported what video games?	  The Atari 2600 was the first console to be released with the Atari 8-bit family of computers, and it supported a variety of classic video games such as Space Invaders, Pac-Man, Donkey Kong, and Asteroids.
5032	what locomotive class has the least gauge?	  The narrowest gauge for a locomotive is 600mm (1 foot 11 5/8 inches). This type of locomotive is commonly referred to as a "narrow gauge" locomotive.
5033	which unit of magnetic flux density represents the maximum density in teslas?	  The maximum unit of magnetic flux density is the Tesla (T).
5034	halo iii is a part of which video game compilation?	  Halo III is part of the Halo: The Master Chief Collection, a compilation of all the Halo games released on the Xbox One console.
5035	1.0 lux is the unit of illuminance for what unit?	  Lux is the unit of illuminance for the unit of luminous flux, which is the measure of the total amount of visible light emitted by a source.
5036	behavioral insomnia therapy with chronic fatigue syndrome are trials used in which medical treatment?	  Behavioral insomnia therapy with chronic fatigue syndrome typically involves cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT). CBT is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on changing negative thought patterns and behaviors to help manage symptoms. It is often used in combination with other medical treatments, such as medications, lifestyle changes, and exercise.
5037	world of war craft is a game under which video game version?	  World of Warcraft is a Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game (MMORPG) developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment.
5038	millisecond was used as a luminance unit in what measurement system?	  The Millisecond was used as a luminance unit in the Foot-Lamberts (fL) measurement system.
5039	third generation ford focus was of which automobile model year?	  The third generation Ford Focus was released for the 2012 model year.
5040	on apr. the 13rd, 1981 what event ended?	  The assassination attempt on Pope John Paul II ended on April 13, 1981.
5041	carotene has been tested for in which medical trial?	  Beta-carotene has been tested in a variety of medical trials, including trials for cancer prevention, heart disease prevention, macular degeneration prevention, and age-related cognitive decline prevention.
5042	name the unit that represents 1.0 grams per mole.	  Molar mass (g/mol)
5043	east asian religions is a sort of belief of what?	  East Asian religions are a group of religious traditions that have their origins in East Asia, including Chinese folk religion, Confucianism, Taoism, Shinto, and Buddhism.
5044	2 destinations are available with which airline?	  Many airlines offer flights to multiple destinations. Some of the most popular airlines with multiple destinations include American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, United Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and JetBlue Airways.
5045	sega wow created how many video game compilations?	  Sega has released a total of five Sega Genesis/Mega Drive compilations for various platforms, including the Sega Saturn, Dreamcast, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and PC.
5046	online game has what video games?	  Video games that can be played online include massively multiplayer online role-playing games (MMORPGs), first-person shooters (FPS), real-time strategy (RTS), battle royale, fighting, sports, racing, and more. Popular online games include Fortnite, League of Legends, World of Warcraft, Overwatch, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Call of Duty, Dota 2, Apex Legends, and Minecraft.
5047	xbox 360 wireless racing wheel supports what video games?	  The Xbox 360 Wireless Racing Wheel is compatible with select Xbox 360 and Xbox One racing games, including:   -Forza Motorsport 5  -Forza Motorsport 6  -Forza Motorsport 7  -Forza Horizon 2  -Forza Horizon 3  -Forza Horizon 4  -Project CARS 2  -F1 2016  -F1 2017  -F1 2018  -Gran Turismo 6  -DiRT Rally  -DiRT 4  -DiRT Rally 2.0  -DiRT 3 Complete Edition  -Need for Speed: Most Wanted  -Need for Speed: Rivals  -Need for Speed: Payback
5048	which conference sponsor also sponsored the conference series with gridrepublic?	  The conference series with GridRepublic was sponsored by Microsoft.
5049	under what measurement system is poundal an angular frequency?	  The poundal is a unit of force in the foot-pound-second (FPS) system of units, and angular frequency is measured in radians per second.
5050	find rocket engines that can thrust 88200.0	  The SpaceX Merlin 1D rocket engine can thrust up to 88200.0 Newtons. It is used to power the Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy rockets.
5051	what is the unit of frequency in measurement system year?	  The unit of frequency in a measurement system year is Hertz (Hz).
5052	on the date 5137, which zoo shut it's doors and closed down.	  The San Francisco Zoo in California closed its doors and shut down on October 4, 2016.
5053	of roller coasters at canobie lake park, who designed the slowest?	  The slowest roller coaster at Canobie Lake Park is the Yankee Cannonball, designed by Philadelphia Toboggan Coasters.
5054	which conference series is sponsored by pls inc, and is also a type of business conference?	  PLS Inc. sponsors the PLS Business Conference Series, which is a series of business conferences focusing on topics such as leadership, strategy, and innovation.
5055	under the international system of units system, what measures a unit of permeability?	  The SI unit of permeability is the henry per meter (H/m).
5056	1.0 watts per square meter is equal to what unit of irradiance?	  1.0 watts per square meter is equal to 1000 watts per square meter, or 1 kilowatt per square meter, of irradiance.
5057	which video game designer designed video game which is part of tron?	  The video game which is part of the Tron franchise is called Tron: Evolution, and it was designed by Propaganda Games.
5058	species of yaks belong to what organism in zoo exhibit?	  The two species of yaks belong to the Bovidae family, which includes other hoofed mammals such as cattle, bison, and antelopes.
5059	what video game supports a dynasty tactics?	  The Dynasty Tactics video game series, developed by Koei Tecmo, is a tactical strategy game set in the Three Kingdoms period of China.
5060	which specific unit of energy has energy in joules per kilogram at most 1.0?	  The specific unit of energy with energy in joules per kilogram at most 1.0 is the calorie (cal).
5061	non-si units mentioned in the si and metric system apply to what units of area?	  Non-SI units mentioned in the SI and metric system that apply to units of area include square miles, square yards, square feet, and acres.
5062	which measuring system is the unit millifarad in?	  The unit millifarad (mF) is a unit of electrical capacitance in the metric system.
5063	in the international system of units, what unit is used to measure molar volume?	  The unit used to measure molar volume in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per mole (m3/mol).
5064	the international system of units uses what as a unit of molar energy?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule (J) as the unit of molar energy.
5065	how many physiological effects does erythromycin stearate have?	  It is not possible to answer this question with certainty as the physiological effects of erythromycin stearate can vary depending on the individual and the dosage. Generally, erythromycin stearate is used to treat bacterial infections, and it can also have side effects such as nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, stomach pain, and headache.
5066	what education can harvard provides?	  Harvard University provides a variety of educational opportunities, ranging from undergraduate and graduate degrees to professional and executive education programs. Undergraduate degrees include the Bachelor of Arts (AB) and Bachelor of Science (SB) degrees in a variety of disciplines. Graduate degrees include the Master of Arts (AM), Master of Science (SM), Doctor of Philosophy (PhD), Doctor of Education (EdD), and Doctor of Science (ScD). Professional and executive education programs include the Harvard Business School Executive Education, Harvard Kennedy School Executive Education, Harvard Law School Executive Education, and Harvard Medical School Executive Education.
5067	what is the measurement system that uses steradians as the unit of solid angle?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses steradians as the unit of solid angle.
5068	which food contains the lowest energy per 100g?	  The food with the lowest energy per 100g is celery, which contains 16 calories per 100g.
5069	which video game publisher has the astro warrior game versions published ?	  Sega is the video game publisher that has published versions of the Astro Warrior game.
5070	what type of fictional setting is the setting type of who dares defy...the demi-men?	  Who Dares Defy...The Demi-Men is a fantasy setting.
5071	which lost work was lost on 1973-06?	  Unfortunately, it is not possible to answer this question as there is not enough information.
5072	what beer style is made from hops, similar to chinook?	  Cascadian Dark Ale (also known as Black IPA) is made from hops similar to Chinook.
5073	the shortest film producer is whom?	  The shortest film producer is not a single person, but rather a production company. The shortest film production company is probably the British film production company, Big Talk Productions, which has produced films such as Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, and The World's End.
5074	which video game, in the elder scrolls series, is designed by kurt kuhlmann?	  The Elder Scrolls Online, which was designed by Kurt Kuhlmann, is the only video game in the Elder Scrolls series that he has worked on.
5075	what type of tennis is the earliest tennis match?	  The earliest form of tennis was a game called 'jeu de paume', which was played in France in the 11th century. It was played by hitting a ball with the palm of the hand.
5076	which legal case has a subject of plame leak?	  The Plame leak case is formally known as United States v. Libby. It was a criminal trial in which I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby, the former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney, was charged with obstruction of justice, making false statements, and perjury in connection with the investigation into the public identification of Valerie Plame Wilson as a covert CIA agent.
5077	the aircraft model with a minimum cost of <3> was designed by whom?	  The aircraft model with a minimum cost of 3 was designed by the Lockheed Martin Skunk Works team.
5078	which video game was expansion of neverwinter nights: darkness over daggerford?	  Neverwinter Nights: Darkness Over Daggerford was an expansion to the original Neverwinter Nights game released in 2006.
5079	which comic books character that appeared in hush - chapter four: the city did bob create?	  Bob created the villain Hush, who is based on the classic Batman villain Thomas Elliot.
5080	name the tld registry that registered computer services ltd. samoa.	  The Samoa Network Information Center (SINET) is the TLD registry that registered Computer Services Ltd. Samoa.
5081	please explain the unit of viscosity in the international system of units?	  In the International System of Units (SI), the unit of viscosity is the pascal second (Pa·s). This is the SI derived unit of dynamic viscosity, which is defined as the force per unit area required to move one layer of fluid with respect to another parallel layer at a unit velocity. It is equivalent to one newton second per square meter (N·s/m2).
5082	which video game version was developed by the developer of crash 'n score?	  The original Crash 'n Score video game was developed by the game studio Exidy in 1983.
5083	the pressure units of pièze are a part of which measurement system?	  The pressure units of pascals (Pa) are part of the International System of Units (SI).
5084	international system of units states that what unit is used for the unit of conductance?	  The unit of conductance in the International System of Units (SI) is the Siemens (S).
5085	what was rogue influential on?	  Rogue was a highly influential hip-hop group that was active in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The group was composed of MCs Big Daddy Kane, Kool G Rap, Masta Ace, and DJ Mister Cee. They released two albums, "Take It to the Streets" (1989) and "Peaceful Journey" (1991). They were known for their hard-hitting lyrics and innovative production. They are credited with helping to popularize East Coast hip-hop and for laying the groundwork for the rise of hardcore rap.
5086	riedel's thyroiditis is the symptom of which disease or medical condition?	  Riedel's thyroiditis is a rare form of chronic thyroiditis, a type of autoimmune thyroid disease. It is characterized by fibrosis (scarring) of the thyroid gland, which can lead to severe enlargement of the gland and compression of surrounding structures.
5087	what medical trial has been tested for azidothymidine?	  The first medical trial for azidothymidine (AZT) was conducted in 1987 by the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The trial was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of AZT in patients with advanced AIDS. The results of this trial showed that AZT significantly reduced mortality in these patients.
5088	which lake has the maximum width of 0.91?	  The lake with the maximum width of 0.91 is Lake Chad, located in central Africa.
5089	application/rdf+xml is the mime type of which file format?	  RDF/XML.
5090	nearing's grace has what adaptation adapted from it?	  The popular hymn "Amazing Grace" is adapted from John Newton's original poem, "Faith's Review and Expectation," which was written by Newton in 1779.
5091	which group does rikord island belong to?	  Rikord Island does not appear to be part of any group.
5092	which rail gauges correspond with british rail class 50 class?	  The British Rail Class 50 locomotives were built to run on the standard gauge railway track, which has a gauge of 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in).
5093	what type of activity would be associated with collecting a mr. potato head?	  Playing with a Mr. Potato Head.
5094	in the 2014 durand cup what event is known to have occured?	  The 2014 Durand Cup was won by the Bengaluru FC, who defeated Mohun Bagan 2-1 in the final.
5095	black radio is an episode from which radio program?	  The Black Radio episode is from the NPR podcast Code Switch.
5096	what unit of radiant intensity has the intensity of 1.0 in watts per steradian?	  The unit of radiant intensity with an intensity of 1.0 in watts per steradian is the candela (cd).
5097	what recipe can be prepared within 180.0?	  1. Baked Chicken and Rice Casserole  2. Sheet Pan Fajitas  3. Baked Ziti  4. One Pot Creamy Tomato Basil Pasta  5. Quick and Easy Teriyaki Chicken  6. Baked Parmesan Tilapia  7. Broccoli Cheddar Quinoa Bake  8. Spinach and Feta Stuffed Chicken  9. Cheesy Baked Macaroni and Cheese  10. Sheet Pan Sausage and Veggies
5098	which illuminance unit has a lux of 1.0?	  A lux of 1.0 is equivalent to one lumen per square meter.
5099	find the unit of brake specific fuel consumption has the least brake specific fuel consumption in grams per joule.	  The unit of brake specific fuel consumption with the least consumption is grams per kilojoule (g/kJ).
5100	which is the unit of data transmission rate in the international system of units for transfers more than 1000.0 bits per second?	  The unit of data transmission rate in the international system of units for transfers more than 1000.0 bits per second is the megabit per second (Mbps).
5101	vulcan is crossed by which roads?	  The Trans-Canada Highway (Highway 1) and Highway 97 both cross through Vulcan.
5102	how many comic book writers are also television producers?	  This is impossible to answer as there is no definitive list of comic book writers who are also television producers.
5103	what is the heaviest fictional character?	  The heaviest fictional character is likely the Hulk from Marvel Comics, who has been depicted as weighing in at 1,040 lbs.
5104	what data rate units of international system of units and has a rate in bits per second of less than 1e+12 and is part of the unit of data transmission rate?	  The unit of data transmission rate is bits per second (bps). The data rate unit of the International System of Units (SI) with a rate of less than 1e+12 bps is kilobits per second (kbps).
5105	here greek and roman find themselves alive along these crowded shelves; and shakespeare treads again his stage, and chaucer paints anew his age. is a quotation of which subject of quotation?	  Literature
5106	what video games are included on the risc os platform?	  The following games are available on the RISC OS platform:  1. Elite 2. Worms 3. Lemmings 4. Cannon Fodder 5. Micro Machines 6. SuperTuxKart 7. Quake 8. Alien Breed 9. Tower of Babel 10. Superfrog 11. Battle Chess 12. Lander 13. Beebdroid 14. Repton Infinity 15. Xump 16. Gloom 17. Deflektor 18. Oids 19. Jet Set Willy 20. Moon Buggy
5107	the series electronic entertainment expo has what conference subject?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) is an annual trade show for the video game industry, presented by the Entertainment Software Association (ESA). It typically focuses on previews of upcoming video game titles and hardware and announcements from video game publishers and manufacturers.
5108	which ship class has a max speed of 11.5?	  The USS Zumwalt-class destroyer has a maximum speed of 11.5 knots.
5109	what unit of pressure measures gray per second?	  Gray per second is a measure of absorbed dose, which is usually measured in grays (Gy).
5110	what is the video game mod for grand theft auto iii?	  The most popular mod for Grand Theft Auto III is called GTA III: Liberty City Stories. It is a mod of the original game that adds new missions, characters, vehicles, weapons, and more.
5111	square degree is the solid angle unit of measure in which measurement system?	  The steradian (sr) is the unit of measure for solid angle in the International System of Units (SI).
5112	which radio episode was about charlotte brontë?	  The episode of BBC Radio 4's In Our Time series titled "Charlotte Bronte" was about the life and works of Charlotte Bronte.
5113	what is the locomotive class with a maximum speed of 120.0?	  The locomotive class with a maximum speed of 120.0 is the EMD SD90MAC.
5114	which video game designer helped design video games that are a part of the parasite eve series?	  The video game designer who helped design video games that are part of the Parasite Eve series is Tetsuya Nomura.
5115	what artist recorded tick, tick...?	  The artist who recorded the song "Tick, Tick..." is Boomtown Rats.
5116	what consumer product has the category tablet computer and is of themes geriatrics?	  The Apple iPad 10.2-inch (7th Generation) is a consumer product that has the category of tablet computer and is suitable for geriatrics. It features an intuitive user interface, large display, and access to a range of apps designed specifically for seniors.
5117	gurdurr exists in what fictional universe?	  Gurdurr is a species of Pokémon that exists in the Pokémon universe.
5118	which radio station owner owns wfme?	  The Educational Media Foundation (EMF) owns WFME.
5119	lehmann is one of the leaders of which wine producer?	  Peter Lehmann Wines is a family-owned Australian winery established in 1979 by Peter Lehmann and located in the Barossa Valley.
5120	which astronaut is from the same ethnic group as nelson?	  Astronaut Ellen Ochoa is from the same ethnic group as Nelson. Ellen Ochoa is of Mexican-American heritage.
5121	which measurement system has the conductance units of siemens ?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the conductance unit of Siemens (S).
5122	the itunes store distributes what video game version?	  The iTunes Store does not distribute any video game versions.
5123	what manufactured drug have a double circle shape?	  There is no manufactured drug that has a double circle shape.
5124	which is the top level domain status of tw?	  tw is the country-code top level domain (ccTLD) for Taiwan.
5125	what engine category does a pulse jet engine belong in?	  A pulse jet engine belongs to the category of "jet engines."
5126	the physical media distributes what video game version?	  Physical media typically distributes the retail version of a video game.
5127	what type of orbit does moon have?	  The Moon orbits the Earth in an elliptical orbit.
5128	what includes pint as volume unit?	  Pint (pt) is a unit of volume commonly used in the United States and the United Kingdom. It is typically used to measure liquids, such as milk, beer, and other beverages, as well as dry goods, such as flour and sugar.
5129	what is the unit of capacitance in the international system of units?	  The unit of capacitance in the International System of Units (SI) is the farad (F).
5130	what is the beaufort wind force for category 5 super typhoon?	  Category 5 super typhoons typically have maximum sustained winds of over 252 km/h (157 mph), and therefore have a Beaufort wind force of 12 (hurricane force winds).
5131	what election poll ended on apr. the 7th, 2012?	  The 2012 United States presidential election was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012.
5132	what are the measurement system of millifarad's units of mass?	  Millifarad's units of mass are not typically measured. Millifarads are typically used to measure electrical capacitance.
5133	what is the name of the unit of energy that has 1000.0 joules per mole?	  The unit of energy with 1000.0 joules per mole is the kilojoule per mole (kJ/mol).
5134	who coached ski jumping?	  The most famous ski jumping coach of all time is probably Matti Nykänen of Finland. He coached the Finnish national team for many years and is considered one of the greatest ski jumpers of all time.
5135	17 is usually the age of students in what grade level?	  In the United States, 17-year-old students are usually in the 12th grade.
5136	on what day does the year end?	  The year ends on December 31.
5137	who are the comic book characters appearing in hush - chapter four: the city who were created by joseph shuster?	  The comic book characters appearing in Hush - Chapter Four: The City who were created by Joseph Shuster are: Superman, Lois Lane, Jimmy Olsen, Perry White, and Lex Luthor.
5138	the measurement system of international system of units is used by which unit of permittivity?	  The measurement system of the International System of Units (SI) uses the farad per meter (F/m) as the unit of permittivity.
5139	what type of fictional setting is the warlock wears three faces!" in?	  The Warlock Wears Three Faces is a fantasy novel set in a medieval-style world.
5140	what is the video game rating in system ios app store?	  The iOS App Store does not have a single rating system for video games. Each game is rated with a different age rating depending on the content. Common ratings include 4+, 9+, 12+, and 17+.
5141	quake 3 engine is the successor to which video game engine?	  Quake 2 engine.
5142	what unit of magnetic flux density represents the maximum density in teslas?	  The maximum density of magnetic flux density is represented in Teslas (T).
5143	the publisher fairy dust puts out which video game?	  The publisher fairy dust does not put out any video games.
5144	mitsubishi group builds what class of locomotives?	  Mitsubishi group builds diesel-electric locomotives.
5145	how many types of worship places does jainism have?	  Jainism has two main types of worship places: temples and shrines. Temples are larger structures, often with a main shrine dedicated to a particular tirthankara, or Jain saint. Shrines are smaller structures, often dedicated to a particular Jain saint or deity.
5146	what unit of data transmission rate has a rate in bits per second of less than 1e+09 and is included in the date rate units of international system of units?	  The unit of data transmission rate with a rate of less than 1e+09 bits per second that is included in the International System of Units is the megabit per second (Mbps).
5147	which version of virtua tennis for the balance board is marketed in the japan?	  The Wii version of Virtua Tennis 4 was released in Japan in 2011.
5148	in which measurement system is gray used as the unit to measure the absorbed dose?	  Gray (Gy) is the unit used to measure the absorbed dose in the International System of Units (SI).
5149	how many compilations of video games did sega-am2 develop?	  Sega-AM2 developed over 70 compilations of video games.
5150	there exists a unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 0.01 seconds, what is it?	  It is the millisecond (ms), which is equal to 0.001 seconds.
5151	the developer of hard truck: 18 wheels of steel also created which video game versions?	  The developer of Hard Truck: 18 Wheels of Steel, SCS Software, has also created many other video game versions, including American Long Haul, Euro Truck Simulator, Euro Truck Simulator 2, German Truck Simulator, UK Truck Simulator, and Haulin'.
5152	in which measurement system, wavenumber unit is reciprocal metre?	  The wavenumber unit is reciprocal metre in the SI (International System of Units) measurement system.
5153	how many video game distribution systems are supported by pc ?	  There are currently over 30 different video game distribution systems supported by PC, including Steam, Origin, GOG, Uplay, Epic Games Store, and Humble Bundle.
5154	the non-si units mentioned in the si contains how many units of volume?	  There are three non-SI units of volume: liters, cubic meters, and gallons.
5155	gwr 1101 class is what class of locomotive?	  The GWR 1101 class is a type of 4-4-0 steam locomotive built by the Great Western Railway between 1891 and 1901.
5156	the debate of evolutionary biology in anthropology is about what subject?	  The debate of evolutionary biology in anthropology is about the role of evolutionary biology in understanding the evolution of human societies and cultures.
5157	1.0 corresponds to what angular frequency?	  The angular frequency is equal to 2π radians per second, or 6.28 radians per second.
5158	texas dance halls: a two-step circuit uses which binding format for its first edition?	  The first edition of the Texas Dance Halls: A Two-Step Circuit uses a hardcover binding format.
5159	which conference series belongs to the same conference event as san fransisco?	  The San Francisco conference event is part of the Bay Area Conference Series.
5160	what tropical cyclone has a minimum speed larger than 225.0?	  The strongest tropical cyclone on record is Typhoon Haiyan, which had maximum sustained winds of 195 mph (315 km/h) and a minimum pressure of 895 mbar.
5161	what book belongs in the genre bit lit and horror fiction?	  The Shining by Stephen King
5162	what are the video games developed by ua limited?	  The following are some of the video games developed by UA Limited:  - Super Mario Run - Super Mario Maker - Mario Kart 8 Deluxe - Splatoon 2 - The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - Animal Crossing: New Horizons - Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle - Mario Tennis Aces - Kirby Star Allies - Fire Emblem Warriors - Pokkén Tournament DX
5163	what programming language wally feurzeig designs?	  Wally Feurzeig designed Logo, a programming language specifically designed for educational purposes.
5164	metolazone belongs to which pregnancy drug category?	  Metolazone is classified as a Category C medication by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). This means that it has not been studied in pregnant women, and its safety in pregnancy has not been established. It should be used during pregnancy only if the potential benefits outweigh the potential risks.
5165	what is the unit length of a measurement system whose volumetric heat capacity units is joule per cubic metre per kelvin?	  The unit length of this measurement system is metres.
5166	what video game is gigas the subject of?	  Gigas is a character in the video game Street Fighter V.
5167	which lighthouses have a light height of 90.0 meters?	  The following lighthouses have a light height of 90.0 meters:  1. Cape Hatteras Lighthouse, North Carolina, USA 2. Fisgard Lighthouse, British Columbia, Canada 3. Point Arena Lighthouse, California, USA 4. Point Bonita Lighthouse, California, USA 5. Split Rock Lighthouse, Minnesota, USA 6. Umpqua River Lighthouse, Oregon, USA 7. Yarra Bay Lighthouse, New South Wales, Australia 8. Lighthouse of Cabo Mayor, Santander, Spain 9. Lighthouse of Finisterre, Spain 10. Lighthouse of Punta Carena, Italy
5168	the sunnyside lift serves which beginner ski run?	  The Sunnyside Lift serves the Easy Out beginner ski run.
5169	the current density unit is ampere per square metre is the unit of frequency in what system of measurement?	  Frequency is measured using the International System of Units (SI).
5170	what attractions for tourists are located in the same place as where harding academy was founded?	  Harding Academy was founded in Nashville, Tennessee, and there are many attractions for tourists in the area. Popular attractions include the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, the Grand Ole Opry, the Johnny Cash Museum, the Tennessee State Capitol, the Nashville Zoo, and the Adventure Science Center. Other attractions include the Parthenon, the Frist Art Museum, the Tennessee Performing Arts Center, and the Belle Meade Plantation.
5171	what is the unit of energy in centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The unit of energy in the centimetre–gram–second (CGS) system of units is the erg.
5172	which book edition series is contributed by the author michael labahn?	  Michael Labahn has not contributed to any book edition series.
5173	what is the number of game expansions released by activision publishing, inc.?	  It is impossible to answer this question with certainty, as Activision Publishing, Inc. has released numerous game expansions over the years.
5174	rock n' roll stories, season 2's has the same rating as what tv season?	  Season 2 of Rock n' Roll Stories has a rating of TV-14, which is the same rating as Season 2 of the television series Stranger Things.
5175	name the medical trial that alendronate sodium has been tested for.	  Alendronate sodium has been tested in a clinical trial called the Fosamax® Once Weekly Study.
5176	what blogs are for danish language speaking people?	  1. Copenhagen Post (www.cphpost.dk) 2. Copenhagenize (www.copenhagenize.com/blog) 3. Bloggers Delight (www.bloggersdelight.dk) 4. Bloggers of Denmark (www.bloggersofdenmark.dk) 5. Danish Design Blog (www.danishdesignblog.dk) 6. The Danish Girl (www.thedanishgirlblog.com) 7. Danish Food Blog (www.danishfoodblog.com) 8. Danish Lifestyle (www.danishlifestyle.dk) 9. Copenhagen Stories (www.copenhagenstories.dk) 10. Aarhus Blog (www.aarhusblog.dk)
5177	the quotation which is called commerce is a game of skill which everyone cannot play and few can play well. is referring to what subject?	  The subject being referred to is business and commerce.
5178	becquerels is the radioactivity unit for what measurement system?	  The becquerel is a unit of measurement for radioactivity in the International System of Units (SI).
5179	which santa barbara wine has 15.5 percent alcohol?	  There are many Santa Barbara wines with 15.5 percent alcohol, including the Bien Nacido Vineyard Syrah, the Foley Santa Barbara County Pinot Noir, the Fiddlehead Cellars Pinot Noir, and the Babcock Winery & Vineyards Syrah.
5180	what is the name of the soundtrack that is featured by artist kendrick lamar?	  The soundtrack featuring Kendrick Lamar is called "Black Panther: The Album Music from and Inspired By."
5181	what amador county wine is 14.7 percent alcohol by volume?	  Amador County does not have a specific wine that is 14.7 percent alcohol by volume. However, many wines from this region have alcohol levels ranging from 12-15 percent, so it is likely that there are some wines from Amador County that are 14.7 percent alcohol by volume.
5182	what radio station uses the middle of the road format?	  Many radio stations use the middle of the road format, including KBIG 104.3 in Los Angeles, WLIT 93.9 in Chicago, and KOSI 101.1 in Denver.
5183	which radio episode segment has questioning the millenium in it?	  The radio episode segment is titled "Millennium Madness" and it is part of the BBC Radio 4 series "The Infinite Monkey Cage".
5184	the website cupidspeaks.com contains what sub websites?	  The Cupid Speaks website contains the following sub-websites:  1. Love Advice 2. Relationship Advice 3. Dating Advice 4. Marriage Advice 5. Love Quotes 6. Love Stories 7. Blogs 8. Videos 9. Polls 10. Products
5185	radio kermode and mayo's film review has what subject?	  Film reviews and criticism.
5186	the latest released version of the game by sony computer entertainment america was published in which region?	  The latest released version of the game by Sony Computer Entertainment America was published in North America.
5187	the international system of units is the measuring system used by which unit of potential?	  The international system of units (SI) is the measuring system used by the unit of potential, the volt.
5188	what is the unit of acceleration in measurement system centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The unit of acceleration in the centimetre–gram–second system of units is centimetres per second squared (cm/s2).
5189	of time zones, which has a dst offset from utc of more than 11.0?	  The only time zone with a dst offset from UTC of more than 11.0 is Baker Island Time (BIT), which has a dst offset of 12.0.
5190	which video game has influenced pheenix?	  The video game that has influenced Phoenix the most is the classic Nintendo game Super Mario Bros. Phoenix has been heavily influenced by the game's art style, level design, and music. The game has inspired Phoenix's vibrant, pixelated art style, its tight platforming and level design, and its catchy chiptune soundtrack.
5191	the cheese that is soft-ripened is what?	  Soft-ripened cheese is a type of cheese that is ripened from the outside in. It is usually white or yellow in color, soft and creamy in texture, and has a mild flavor. Examples of soft-ripened cheeses include Brie, Camembert, Coulommiers, and Reblochon.
5192	what measurement system uses millimeter as a unit?	  The metric system uses millimeters as a unit of measurement.
5193	how many video game compilations were developed by milestone inc.?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on the region and platform. However, according to the Milestone Inc. website, they have released over 100 titles across multiple platforms since their founding in 1990.
5194	what kind unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include pound?	  Inches.
5195	d60 has an uncompressed format of what?	  The uncompressed format of JPEG/JFIF (Joint Photographic Experts Group/JPEG File Interchange Format) is a bitmap image format.
5196	which steam locomotive class has a wheel configuration of 2-2-2?	  The 2-2-2 wheel configuration is most commonly associated with the British LNWR 'Premier' class of steam locomotives.
5197	what steam locomotive class has a wheel configuration of 2-8-2?	  The 2-8-2 wheel configuration is known as a Mikado locomotive, and is a type of steam locomotive used in North America, Japan, and other parts of the world.
5198	who is the tallest comic strip character?	  The tallest comic strip character is probably the character of Lyle from the comic strip "Big Nate." Lyle is a 7-foot-tall basketball player who is often seen towering over his peers.
5199	cannon bubble was influenced by what video game?	  The game that is most often associated with the term "cannon bubble" is the classic arcade game Bubble Bobble, released in 1986 by Taito.
5200	which schools' highest grade taught is year 6?	  This will depend on the individual school. To find out which schools teach up to Year 6, you can search online for schools in your area and check their websites or contact the schools directly.
5201	what is the name of the tv song that was composed by steve?	  The song is called "The Office Theme Song" and was composed by Steve Carell.
5202	gin and tonic recipe is a recipe in which collection?	  Drink recipes
5203	what is the most recent electric locomotive class introduced?	  The most recent electric locomotive class introduced is the Siemens Vectron AC/DC electric locomotive.
5204	the heroes in hell series which is edited by janet morris is a part of what book edition?	  The Heroes in Hell series is part of the Baen Books edition.
5205	finnish radio symphonyis on which musical album of stockholm philharmonic orchestra?	  The Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra has not released any albums featuring the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra.
5206	what is the unit of surface tension in international system of units?	  The unit of surface tension in the International System of Units (SI) is the newton per meter (N/m).
5207	what is the name of the soundtrack that is featured by artist snow?	  The soundtrack featured by Snow is called "Informer".
5208	the species of snow goose is the species of which fictional character?	  Snow Goose does not appear to be a fictional character.
5209	mount lemmon observatory does which survey?	  The Mount Lemmon Observatory is primarily used for optical astronomy, and it is home to the Mount Lemmon Survey, a multi-wavelength astronomical survey that covers the entire sky north of declination -30°.
5210	which system contains the meter measurement unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) contains the meter as a unit of measurement.
5211	which unit of capacitance is in the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of capacitance in the International System of Units (SI) is the farad (F).
5212	magic is the subject of which conference series?	  The International Conference on Magic and its Applications (ICMA) is a conference series dedicated to the study of magic and its applications.
5213	sg 2010 have a conference subject of whom?	  The conference subject of the 2009 Singapore International Water Week (SIWW) was "Water Technology and Solutions for a Sustainable Future".
5214	which unit of heat capacity was used in the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of heat capacity used in the International System of Units (SI) is the joule per kelvin (J/K).
5215	name the soundtrack that pharell williams features.	  The soundtrack that Pharrell Williams features on is the Despicable Me 2 soundtrack.
5216	seismometer is the subclass of what measuring instrument?	  Seismometers are a type of measuring instrument used to measure ground motion, such as seismic waves generated by earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, and other sources of seismic activity.
5217	on what date does the last day of the year fall?	  December 31st.
5218	which medical specialty has the associated diseases or conditions of nodal marginal zone b cell lymphoma?	  Hematology/Oncology.
5219	jan. the 31st, 2009 was the initial release date for which video game?	  The initial release date for the video game Grand Theft Auto IV was April 29th, 2008.
5220	the fellowship of the frog was adapted to make what adaptation?	  The adaptation of The Fellowship of the Frog is a computer-animated feature film released in 2003. It is based on the classic children's book by Arthur M. Winfield, The Frog Prince. The movie follows a young frog prince who must save his kingdom from an evil wizard.
5221	2010-09-17 was cancelled when?	  2010-09-17 was cancelled on the same day.
5222	what game is daley thompson's decathlon based on?	  Daley Thompson's Decathlon is based on the real-life Olympic sport of Decathlon, which consists of ten track and field events.
5223	which is the unit of molar volume in international system of units?	  The unit of molar volume in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per mole (m3/mol).
5224	in which measurement system electric current unit is planck current?	  Electric current is typically measured in the International System of Units (SI), which uses the unit of amperes (A). Planck current is not a unit of electric current and is not used to measure electric current.
5225	which kinect for the xbox 360 version supports the north american continent region?	  The Xbox 360 Kinect Sensor is only compatible with the Xbox 360 console and is region locked to North America.
5226	what is the unit of mass in the measurement system that uses gray per second?	  The unit of mass in the Gray per Second measurement system is the kilogram.
5227	what unit of pressure has the lowest pressure measured in pascals?	  The unit of pressure with the lowest pressure measured in pascals is the millipascal (mPa).
5228	find the type of measurement that is 1.0 strength in volts per meter.	  Electric Field Strength
5229	what is the name of the music video director that has a weight of at least 71.0?	  The answer depends on what type of music video director you are looking for. Generally, some of the more well-known music video directors include Hype Williams, Dave Meyers, Chris Robinson, Paul Hunter, and Joseph Kahn.
5230	what unit is used to measure the catalytic activity in the international system of units?	  The unit used to measure catalytic activity in the International System of Units (SI) is the katal (kat).
5231	who wrote series of thirty-six views of mount fuji?	  The series of thirty-six views of Mount Fuji was created by Japanese ukiyo-e artist Katsushika Hokusai in the early 1830s.
5232	zoxea is known for producing what musical recording?	  Zoxea is known for producing hip-hop and rap music.
5233	in 1999-11-29 which video game was released?	  The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask was released on November 29, 1999.
5234	what is the organism which has a height larger than 1.57?	  The organism with the largest known height is the Giraffe, which can reach heights of up to 5.5 meters (18 feet).
5235	the music video stronger was directed by whom?	  The music video for "Stronger" was directed by Dave Meyers.
5236	name the main subject of state farm: good neighbor or bad faith??	  The main subject of State Farm is insurance and financial services.
5237	which of the bassists has a height of at least 1.94?	  None of the bassists listed have a height of at least 1.94.
5238	roller coaster uses what roller coaster propulsion system	  Most modern roller coasters use a chain lift system to propel the cars up the first hill. After that, the cars rely on gravity and inertia to complete the ride.
5239	zx-nav belongs to what software genre?	  ZX-Nav is a web-based navigation system developed by ZX International. It is a type of software application that provides users with a graphical interface for navigating websites and web applications.
5240	what distilled spirit contains an alcohol content of 47.8?	  The distilled spirit containing an alcohol content of 47.8 is the Japanese whiskey, Yamazaki Sherry Cask 2016.
5241	a density of 1.0 joules per cubic meter is demonstrated by which unit of energy density?	  Joules per cubic meter (J/m^3)
5242	what is the total amount of games created by rob elam?	  It is not possible to answer this question definitively, as Rob Elam has not publicly disclosed the exact number of games he has created.
5243	what is the organism which has a height larger than 1.63?	  There is no single organism that has a height larger than 1.63. The height of an organism depends on the species and individual.
5244	guitar hero guitar is required for what musical game?	  Guitar Hero is a music rhythm video game series. It requires a guitar-shaped controller to play the game.
5245	which video game version was developed by the developer of wizard of wor?	  The original Wizard of Wor game was developed by Midway Games in 1980.
5246	1980-03-03 is that date on which what warship v1.1 was struck?	  No warship was struck on March 3, 1980.
5247	what quantity of breed from swiss confederation share the same temperament with the toy bulldog?	  There is no one specific breed from the Swiss Confederation that shares the same temperament as the Toy Bulldog. Temperament is largely determined by individual upbringing and genetics, so it is impossible to determine how many breeds from the Swiss Confederation would share the same temperament as the Toy Bulldog.
5248	which recipe can be prepared within 4.0?	  1. 15-Minute Spicy Sesame Noodles  2. Roasted Garlic and Herb Shrimp  3. Baked Salmon with Lemon and Dill  4. Easy Sautéed Zucchini  5. Quick and Easy Chicken Stir-Fry  6. One-Pot Spaghetti with Meat Sauce  7. Quick and Easy Greek Salad  8. Grilled Cheese Sandwiches  9. Baked Sweet Potato Fries  10. Instant Pot Mac and Cheese
5249	find video games whose genre is nonlinear gameplay.	  1. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild (Nintendo Switch) 2. Shadow of the Colossus (PlayStation 4) 3. Journey (PlayStation 4) 4. Firewatch (PC, Mac, Linux, PlayStation 4, Xbox One) 5. Yakuza 0 (PlayStation 4) 6. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt (PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One) 7. Super Mario Odyssey (Nintendo Switch) 8. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain (PC, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One) 9. Uncharted 4: A Thief's End (PlayStation 4) 10. Grand Theft Auto V (PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One)
5250	of theater companies that are a listed companies, which produced ban lang mek the musical?	  The only listed theater company that has produced Ban Lang Mek the Musical is the Bangkok Theatre Network Co., Ltd. (BKN).
5251	what is the name of the dish which is also served in the same cuisine as mussels au gratin?	  One popular dish served in the same cuisine as mussels au gratin is Coquilles Saint-Jacques, which is a dish of scallops in a creamy white wine sauce.
5252	ancient impossible belongs to which tv episode?	  Ancient Impossible is a television series that aired on the History Channel from 2010 to 2012. Each episode of the series examines the engineering, technology, and inventions of ancient civilizations and how they may have been used to create incredible structures and objects.
5253	table tennis is used by what sports teams?	  Table tennis is usually played by individuals or teams in recreational settings, but it is also an Olympic sport and is played by professional teams in international competitions.
5254	what is the name of the exhibit that the renoir returns: a celebration of masterworks at the phillips collection was displayed in?	  The Renoir Returns: Masterpieces from the Phillips Collection.
5255	peter naur was the creator of what programming language?	  Peter Naur did not create a programming language. He is best known for his work on the development of the ALGOL programming language and for coining the term "algorithm" in the 1950s.
5256	what locomotive is owned by william hedley?	  William Hedley is known to have owned the locomotive Puffing Billy, which is a preserved steam locomotive built in 1813.
5257	the odyssey of homer episode three has what radio program in it?	  The Odyssey of Homer Episode Three does not feature any radio programs.
5258	what locomotive builder built the indian locomotive class sg?	  The Indian locomotive class SG was built by the Chittaranjan Locomotive Works.
5259	ohm is a resistance unit of what measure system?	  The ohm is a unit of electrical resistance in the International System of Units (SI).
5260	what is the religious text of buddhism?	  The primary religious text of Buddhism is the Tripitaka, also known as the Pali Canon. This is a collection of Buddhist teachings and scriptures written in the Pali language. It includes the teachings of the historical Buddha, as well as commentaries by later Buddhist teachers.
5261	vladivostock is a terminal of what railway?	  The Vladivostock Railway Terminal is a major hub on the Trans-Siberian Railway.
5262	how many different types of computers can run psw?	  There are several different types of computers that can run PSW, including Windows PCs, Macs, Linux PCs, Chromebooks, and Raspberry Pi devices.
5263	avanti monza is the model for what type of bicycle?	  Avanti Monza is a model of road bike.
5264	mac cosmetics, the galleria is located in which shopping center?	  The Galleria Mall is located in Houston, Texas.
5265	radians per second squared is an angular acceleration unit in which measurement system?	  Radians per second squared is a unit of angular acceleration in the International System of Units (SI).
5266	metroid is included in which video game compilation?	  Metroid is included in the Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) video game compilation.
5267	a international system of units is a unit of measure for what plane angle?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not have a unit of measure for plane angles. Instead, plane angles are measured in either degrees or radians.
5268	the international system of units uses what unit as its measure of radiant intensity?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the candela (cd) as its measure of radiant intensity.
5269	what is the video game series that includes a video game expansion designed by gremlin interactive?	  The video game series is "Lemmings", and the expansion was called "Oh No! More Lemmings".
5270	bribery belongs to the subject of which legal case?	  Bribery is a criminal offense and is typically prosecuted as a criminal case in a court of law.
5271	which chinese ethnic group has the autonomous prefectures of gannan?	  The Tibetan ethnic group has the autonomous prefectures of Gannan.
5272	which lighthouses were built with cinder block?	  There is no definitive list of lighthouses built with cinder block, as many lighthouses have been built with a variety of materials. However, some lighthouses that have been confirmed to have been built with cinder block include the Point Cabrillo Light Station in California, the New London Ledge Lighthouse in Connecticut, and the St. Augustine Lighthouse in Florida.
5273	how many engines there are for frostbite engine?	  Frostbite is a game engine developed by Electronic Arts (EA). There is only one version of the engine, but it has been updated over the years. As of 2021, the latest version of Frostbite is Frostbite 5.
5274	the debate of evolutionary biology in anthropology is in what radio program?	  This question does not have a definitive answer as it depends on the specific radio program. However, many radio programs have featured discussions on evolutionary biology and anthropology, including NPR's Science Friday, BBC Radio 4's The Life Scientific, and the American Anthropological Association's Anthropological Horizons.
5275	how many video game distribution system does wii support?	  The Wii supports two video game distribution systems: the Nintendo Wii Shop Channel and the Nintendo eShop.
5276	master of orion ii: battle at antares is the version of which video game?	  Master of Orion II: Battle at Antares is the sequel to the classic 4X space strategy game Master of Orion, released in 1996 by MicroProse.
5277	a particular religion that practices proselytising is accounted in which religious book?	  Proselytising is a practice that is found in many different religions. Therefore, there is no one religious book that accounts for it.
5278	in international system of units, what is the measurement for a unit of area called?	  The measurement for a unit of area is called a square meter (m2).
5279	which programming language did simon rasmussen develop?	  Simon Rasmussen developed the programming language Juttle.
5280	for which unit of luminous flux, the flux in lumens is 1.0?	  The unit of luminous flux for 1.0 lumens is 1 lumen.
5281	what was the name of the rocket with the smallest diameter?	  The Rocket Lab Electron is the rocket with the smallest diameter, measuring just 1.2 meters (4 feet).
5282	what video game distribution system has a payment system of pay pal?	  Steam is the most popular video game distribution system that supports PayPal as a payment method.
5283	adventure game interpreter is proceeded by which video game engine?	  The most common video game engine used for developing and running text-based adventure games is the Z-machine.
5284	what conference series that has a sponsoring organization of deutsche messe ag and is of type computer show?	  The CeBIT Conference Series.
5285	the subject of celebrity is broadcast about on what radio program genre?	  The subject of celebrity is often discussed on radio programs in the talk show genre.
5286	british rail class 50 is locomotive class for what rail gauges?	  The British Rail Class 50 locomotives were built to run on the standard gauge (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in or 1,435 mm) railway system.
5287	which measurement system use joule per mole as molar energy unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses joules per mole as a molar energy unit.
5288	what is the unit of pressure in measurement system centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The unit of pressure in the centimetre–gram–second system of units is the barye (Ba).
5289	what is the name of the video game never winter nights's soundtrack?	  The Neverwinter Nights soundtrack is composed by Inon Zur.
5290	which game was released on arm processor?	  The Nintendo Switch is the first major console to be powered by an ARM processor.
5291	how many video game compilations have the genre of scrolling shooter?	  It is difficult to determine how many video game compilations have the genre of scrolling shooter, as there are many compilations that are released each year and the genre of scrolling shooter is not always specified.
5292	who is the theatrical lyricist that was born the earliest?	  Oscar Hammerstein II (1895-1960) is widely considered to be the earliest theatrical lyricist.
5293	what is the musical recording of i'm so young?	  The most popular recording of the song "I'm So Young" is by The Students, released in 1957.
5294	what is the name of the video game content descriptor in entertainment software rating board.	  The content descriptor used by the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is called the ESRB Rating.
5295	which radio program episode was first broadcasted on 2011-01-10?	  The first episode of the radio program "The Moth Radio Hour" was broadcasted on 2011-01-10.
5296	the pharmacological class of protease inhibitors is for which drugs?	  Protease inhibitors are a class of drugs used to treat HIV and other viral infections. Examples of protease inhibitors include ritonavir, saquinavir, lopinavir, atazanavir, darunavir, and fosamprenavir.
5297	name the unit of speed in international system of units	  Meters per second (m/s)
5298	which measurement system uses the heat capacity units of joule per kelvin?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the heat capacity unit of joule per kelvin.
5299	megawatt is a unit of time for what measurement systems?	  Megawatt is a unit of power or energy, not time. It is used in various measurement systems, including the International System of Units (SI), the British Thermal Unit (BTU), and the US Customary System.
5300	what celebrity is in a romantic relationship involving mike tyson?	  Mike Tyson is currently in a relationship with Lakiha Spicer.
5301	buffy the vampire slayer belongs to which species in babylon 5?	  Buffy the Vampire Slayer does not appear in Babylon 5.
5302	what conference was held at desmond hotel and conference center, albany ny?	  The Desmond Hotel and Conference Center in Albany, NY, recently hosted the New York State Association of Fire Chiefs (NYSAFC) Annual Conference and Expo.
5303	day was used as luminance unit in which measurement system?	  The candela per square meter (cd/m2) system was used as the luminance unit in the photometric (or lux) system of measurement.
5304	what song was added to rock band after nov. the 5th, 2009?	  The song added to Rock Band after November 5th, 2009 was "The Catalyst" by Linkin Park.
5305	what are the works of art supported by oil on canvas?	  1. Paintings 2. Drawings 3. Murals 4. Collages 5. Frescoes 6. Prints 7. Tapestries 8. Textiles 9. Photographs
5306	name the unit of energy that demonstrates a density of 1.0 joules per cubic meter.	  The unit of energy that demonstrates a density of 1.0 joules per cubic meter is the joule per cubic meter (J/m^3).
5307	which unit of electric flux density is in the measurement system of international system of units?	  The unit of electric flux density in the International System of Units (SI) is the Volt per meter (V/m).
5308	which disney amusement park rides have a capacity less than 2400 per hour?	  -The Barnstormer at Magic Kingdom  -The Astro Orbiter at Magic Kingdom -The Seven Dwarfs Mine Train at Magic Kingdom -The Haunted Mansion at Magic Kingdom -Big Thunder Mountain Railroad at Magic Kingdom -The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh at Magic Kingdom -Dumbo the Flying Elephant at Magic Kingdom -The Magic Carpets of Aladdin at Magic Kingdom -The Mad Tea Party at Magic Kingdom -Pirates of the Caribbean at Magic Kingdom -Under the Sea - Journey of The Little Mermaid at Magic Kingdom -Space Mountain at Magic Kingdom -It's a Small World at Magic Kingdom -Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin at Magic Kingdom -The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror at Disney's Hollywood Studios -Toy Story Mania! at Disney's Hollywood Studios -Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith at Disney's Hollywood Studios -The Great Movie Ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios -Expedition Everest at Disney's Animal Kingdom -Kilimanjaro Safaris at Disney's Animal Kingdom -Kali River Rapids at Disney's Animal Kingdom -Dinosaur at Disney's Animal Kingdom -Primeval Whirl at Disney's Animal Kingdom -TriceraTop Spin at Disney's Animal Kingdom
5309	broome created which comic book characters who appeared in summons from space!?	  Broome created the comic book characters Adam Strange and Sardath in the series "Mystery in Space".
5310	in what class does western stalwart belong?	  Western Stalwart is a type of horse breed. It belongs to the "Draft Horse" class.
5311	what radio episode was about moby dick?	  The episode of The Radio Adventures of Dr. Floyd titled "The White Whale" is about Moby Dick.
5312	who sponsored the same conference series as université de montréal?	  The Université de Montréal co-sponsored the conference series with the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR).
5313	what is the name of another sports team from the same city as the nc state wolfpack men's basketball?	  The NC State Wolfpack Women's Basketball team.
5314	what locomotive class was manufactured by the company dr class 130 family?	  The DR Class 130 family of locomotives was manufactured by the Deutsche Reichsbahn (German Imperial Railway).
5315	in which fictional universe does sontarans exist?	  Sontarans exist in the Doctor Who universe.
5316	rb2 added what song after 2008-05-01?	  The song that was released after 2008-05-01 was "Love in This Club" by Usher featuring Young Jeezy.
5317	what is unit does imperial system of units use to measure volume?	  The imperial system of units uses gallons to measure volume.
5318	what is the name of the file format that has the same genre as the aixm?	  The file format that has the same genre as the AIXM is the Aeronautical Information Exchange Model (AIXM).
5319	carbamazepine testing has been done in what medical trial?	  The use of carbamazepine has been studied in a variety of medical trials, including trials for the treatment of epilepsy, bipolar disorder, trigeminal neuralgia, and depression.
5320	which channel access method shares a child method of a channel access method with a parent method of packet mode multiple access?	  ALOHA is a channel access method that shares a child method of a channel access method with a parent method of packet mode multiple access.
5321	what is the number of comic book writers whose profession is inker?	  It is impossible to provide an exact answer to this question, as there is no definitive record of how many comic book writers are inkers.
5322	the bipropellant rocket engine with a thrust (sea level) of no less than 1.505e+06 is called what?	  The engine is called the RS-25, also known as the Space Shuttle Main Engine (SSME).
5323	edward murrow is the artist of what episodes of a radio program?	  Edward Murrow is most famous for his radio program "This I Believe," which aired on CBS Radio from April 1951 to 1955. The program featured personal essays from everyday people, in which they discussed their beliefs and values. Murrow also hosted the popular radio news program "Hear It Now" from 1950 to 1951.
5324	which video game engine is used for i am alive?	  The game engine used for I Am Alive is the Unreal Engine 3.
5325	shadow hearts ii soundtracks are in which video game?	  The soundtracks for Shadow Hearts II are featured in the video game of the same name, released in 2004 for the PlayStation 2.
5326	the international system of units uses what unit to measure surface tension?	  The international system of units uses the newton per meter (N/m) to measure surface tension.
5327	what is the name of the conference series that has a spnsoring organization of messe frankfurt and is of kind trade fair?	  The conference series is called IMEX (International Meetings & Events Exhibition).
5328	which monkey island series video game is designed by jonathan ackley?	  The Monkey Island series of video games was designed by Ron Gilbert.
5329	how many comic book writer has a profession of retailer?	  It is difficult to estimate the exact number of comic book writers who have a profession of retailer, as the comic book industry is extremely diverse and includes many different types of professionals. However, according to the Comic Book Retailers Alliance (CBRA), there are currently over 3,000 comic book retailers in the United States alone.
5330	which conference sponsor also sponsored the same conference series with advanstar communications, inc.?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing the name of the conference series.
5331	how many different species are in the fictional world of ottery st. catchpole?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as Ottery St. Catchpole is a fictional world.
5332	which beer style has the largest minimum srm range value?	  The beer style with the largest minimum SRM range value is Imperial Stout, which has an SRM range of 30-40.
5333	which conference was held at back bay events center?	  It is not possible to answer this question without more information.
5334	1.0 watts per steradian describes the intensity of which unit of radiant intensity?	  It describes the intensity of a unit of radiant flux, which is measured in watts (joules per second).
5335	name the unit of length in norwegian units of measurement.	  Enhet for lengde i norske måleenheter er meter (m).
5336	bilbao is the geographical scope of what conference series?	  The Bilbao International Conference Series is a series of international conferences held in the Basque city of Bilbao, Spain. The series focuses on research in the fields of engineering, science, and technology.
5337	in which measurement system, speed unit is miles per hour?	  The speed unit miles per hour is used in the Imperial System of measurement.
5338	which unit of radioactivity has the largest radioactivity in becquerels?	  The unit of radioactivity with the largest radioactivity in Becquerels is the Curie (Ci), which is equal to 3.7 x 10^10 Becquerels.
5339	for the japan region, what is the game version of balance board?	  The game version of the balance board for the Japan region is called the Wii Fit Balance Board.
5340	korsakovia, the computer game, was developed by which video game engine developer?	  Korsakovia was developed by the Unreal Engine 3, developed by Epic Games.
5341	the volts and this unit of specific heat capacity are in the same measurement system.	  No, volts and specific heat capacity are not in the same measurement system. Volts measure electrical potential energy, while specific heat capacity is a measure of heat energy.
5342	greece is the country of origin for which system of nobility?	  The Greek system of nobility is known as the kalokagathia system. It is based on the ancient Greek concept of nobility, which was determined by a combination of physical beauty, moral excellence, and intellectual prowess.
5343	which video game was initial released on 2012-04-17?	  The video game that was initially released on 2012-04-17 is Mass Effect 3.
5344	what number of breeds in the russian share a similar temperament with the rajapalayam?	  There are currently no known breeds that share a similar temperament with the Rajapalayam.
5345	if i want to find a video game rating of kijkwijzer: 12, where should i look?	  You can look up the video game rating of Kijkwijzer on the Kijkwijzer website. On the website, you will find a section for "Ratings & Advice" where you can select the specific rating for the game you are looking for.
5346	danventures a/s common stock was issued by whom?	  Danventures a/s is a Danish company, and its common stock is issued by the company itself.
5347	the xbox 360 distributed which video game version?	  The Xbox 360 distributed the Xbox 360 version of video games.
5348	what is the periodical subject of vogue china	  Vogue China covers fashion, beauty, culture, lifestyle, and current affairs.
5349	what is the name of the producer that created the radio program on un member state?	  The producer of the radio program on UN Member States is the United Nations Radio.
5350	what organization does falco lombardi belong to?	  Falco Lombardi belongs to the Star Fox team, which is a mercenary squadron of anthropomorphic animals led by Fox McCloud.
5351	maximum pool is a video game by what developer?	  Max Pool was developed by Creative Edge Software.
5352	virgins is the subject of what written work?	  The subject of the written work is "The Story of the Five Virgins," which is a parable found in the Bible, in the Gospel of Matthew 25:1-13.
5353	e commerce is the subject of which conference series?	  The International Conference on Electronic Commerce (ICEC) is the premier conference series for researchers and practitioners in the field of electronic commerce.
5354	what is the unit of pressure that uses gray per second?	  The Gray per second (Gy/s) is a unit of absorbed radiation dose rate (measured in joules per kilogram) used in radiation therapy.
5355	in the measurement system that includes the tesla unit, what is the unit of luminance?	  The unit of luminance in the measurement system that includes the tesla unit is candela per square meter (cd/m2).
5356	rené meister was the producer of which musical recording?	  René Meister produced the album "The Best of Nena" by the German pop singer Nena.
5357	gender based violence is the focus of which conference event?	  The United Nations Commission on the Status of Women (UNCSW) holds an annual two-week conference to address issues related to gender-based violence.
5358	the quotation which is called liberty or death is referring to what subject?	  The quotation "Liberty or Death" is referring to the struggle for freedom and independence. It is often associated with the American Revolution and is a rallying cry for those who wish to fight for their liberty.
5359	name the ship who has a length at the waterline that is less than 16.8.	  The USS Constitution, also known as "Old Ironsides," is a three-masted, wooden-hulled, frigate-class warship with a length at the waterline of 204 feet (62.2 m), making it less than 16.8 meters in length.
5360	what other rocket did the manufacturer of saturn int-21 and delta 2 create?	  The manufacturer of Saturn INT-21 and Delta 2, Boeing, also created the Delta IV and Atlas V rockets.
5361	can you tell me the unit of siemens?	  The unit of siemens is the Siemens per meter (S/m).
5362	what is clopin trouillefou and elan's job?	  Clopin Trouillefou is the court jester and Elan is the court magician in the Disney movie The Hunchback of Notre Dame. They both provide entertainment and amusement for the court of King Louis and the people of Paris.
5363	what video game designer also designed a musical game followed by gh aerosmith?	  The video game designer who designed the musical game Aerosmith followed by GH is Harmonix Music Systems.
5364	what is the video game genre of actua golf? 	  Sports Simulation
5365	what unit does international system of units use to measure electric flux density?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the unit of tesla (T) to measure electric flux density.
5366	craig brinson practiced which martial art?	  Craig Brinson practiced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
5367	name the unit of inductance that represents 1.0 in the inductance in henries?	  1 henry (H)
5368	what recipe using the cast iron cookware has the longest preparation time?	  The longest preparation time for a recipe using cast iron cookware would be a slow-cooked beef stew. This recipe requires several hours of slow simmering in order to tenderize the beef and bring out the flavors of the vegetables and herbs. The preparation time for this recipe can range from 2 to 4 hours, depending on the size of the beef chunks and the desired texture.
5369	which conference sponsor also sponsored the conference series with google inc?	  The conference series with Google Inc was sponsored by Google Cloud.
5370	what is the video game that uses the angel game engine?	  The most popular video game that uses the Angel Game Engine is the MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game) "Rappelz".
5371	name the main subject of talk of the nation: dna?	  No, the main subject of Talk of the Nation is not DNA. Talk of the Nation is a call-in talk radio program that covers a wide range of topics, such as current events, politics, culture, and social issues.
5372	what is the charge unit in the measurement system which has rad/s?	  The charge unit in the measurement system which has rad/s is Coulombs (C).
5373	what camera color filter array type does the leica m9 have?	  The Leica M9 has a Kodak KAF-18500 CCD sensor with a color filter array type of “Bayer”.
5374	the report for the geologic story of gunnison gorge national conservation area, colorado was issued by whom?	  The report for the geologic story of Gunnison Gorge National Conservation Area, Colorado was issued by the U.S. Geological Survey.
5375	spongebob squarepants: lights, camera, pants! was published by which publisher?	  Nickelodeon Books, an imprint of Simon & Schuster.
5376	name the engine with a horsepower of 201.0.	  The engine is a 2.0-liter turbocharged 4-cylinder engine with 201 horsepower.
5377	candela is the volumetric flow rate unit for which system of measurement?	  The candela is a unit of luminous intensity in the International System of Units (SI).
5378	peripherals supported by wii-mote are had by which video game version?	  The Wii-mote is compatible with all versions of the Nintendo Wii console.
5379	international system of units contents which unit of resistivity?	  The SI unit of resistivity is the ohm-metre (Ω⋅m).
5380	which film producer has the highest weight of 79.0kg?	  The film producer with the highest weight of 79.0kg is Dwayne Johnson.
5381	which movie director weights the most?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as weight can vary greatly from person to person. However, some of the heavier directors in the film industry include Steven Spielberg, Quentin Tarantino, and Peter Jackson.
5382	what is the name of the video game expansion for left for dead 2?	  The video game expansion for Left 4 Dead 2 is called The Passing.
5383	what is the gameplay mode of the musical game that has the version of bust a groove?	  The gameplay mode of Bust A Groove is a dance battle, where the player competes against an opponent to see who can perform the most impressive dance moves. The player must successfully hit a sequence of buttons in time with the music to perform the moves. The game features several levels of difficulty and multiple characters to choose from.
5384	what video game is supported by kinect for the xbox 360	  The Xbox 360 Kinect is compatible with a variety of games, including Dance Central, Kinect Sports, Kinect Adventures, Kinectimals, Just Dance, and more.
5385	the bangkok hilton tv show goes over what topics?	  The Bangkok Hilton TV show covers a variety of topics, including crime and punishment, morality, justice, redemption, and the human condition. It also explores the struggles of a prisoner in a Thai prison and the impact of incarceration on the individual and society.
5386	can you list a unit of energy that's part of the same measurement system as kg/m3?	  Joules (J)
5387	which tv personality is on deadly arts?	  Deadly Arts is hosted by martial arts expert and actor Mark Dacascos.
5388	what composition type is three variations on the "canon in d major" by johann pachelbel, iii: brutal ardour, the recorded version?	  This composition type is a set of variations.
5389	how many video games has greg johnson designed?	  Greg Johnson has designed over 20 video games, including ToeJam & Earl, Starflight, and the Sonic the Hedgehog series.
5390	name the charge unit in the measurement system which has radians per second.	  Radian per second (rad/s)
5391	gabriel restaurants and sbarro both serve what kind of cuisine?	  Gabriel Restaurants serve Mediterranean cuisine, while Sbarro serves Italian cuisine.
5392	in the fight tony bellew-adonis stevenson, what was the decision?	  The fight between Tony Bellew and Adonis Stevenson ended in a technical knockout in the sixth round, with Bellew being declared the winner.
5393	lego pirates of the caribbean was released in which video game region?	  Lego Pirates of the Caribbean was released in North America, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand.
5394	solar hijri calendar has what month under it's calendar system?	  The Solar Hijri calendar has twelve months: Farvardin, Ordibehesht, Khordad, Tir, Mordad, Shahrivar, Mehr, Aban, Azar, Dey, Bahman, and Esfand.
5395	what is the unit of amount of substance that has the maximum amount of moles?	  The unit of amount of substance that has the maximum amount of moles is the mole (mol).
5396	how many video game compilations were developed by m2?	  M2 has developed over 50 video game compilations.
5397	what periodical is the periodical of a editorial tenure with editor richard smith?	  There is no specific periodical associated with Richard Smith's editorial tenure.
5398	what fictional creature does the character species of terri schuester have?	  Terri Schuester is a human character on the TV show Glee.
5399	what are the status of websites owned by silent cal productions, llc?	  It is not possible to answer this question without knowing the specific websites owned by Silent Cal Productions, LLC. However, if you have the URLs of the websites, you can check their status by visiting each website and looking for any error messages.
5400	defrag is a video game that runs on what engine?	  defrag is a video game that runs on the Unreal Engine.
5401	what is the unit of angular frequency in international system of units?	  The unit of angular frequency in the International System of Units (SI) is radians per second (rad/s).
5402	what locomotive class has a weight of 129.0?	  The GE U50C locomotive class has a weight of 129.0 tons.
5403	the down antiquark shares a family with what subatomic particle?	  The down antiquark shares a family with the up quark.
5404	what government agency is founded by someone who founded us special forces? 	  The U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) was founded in 1987 by then-U.S. Army General Carl Stiner, who had previously founded the U.S. Army Special Forces (Green Berets).
5405	how many film directors come from the malta?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it is difficult to determine the exact number of film directors from Malta. However, according to IMDb, there are currently around 30 film directors from Malta.
5406	the creators of glb's most recently released browser was called what?	  The most recent version of the GLB browser is called GLB Browser 8.
5407	a particular religion that practices lacto vegetarianism is accounted in which religious book?	  Lacto vegetarianism is not prescribed in any religious book. It is a dietary choice that is practiced by members of various religions, including Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism.
5408	dragon lore ii: the heart of the dragon man is part of what video game version?	  Dragon Lore II: The Heart of the Dragon Man is part of the PC version of the video game Dragon Lore II.
5409	how many units of length are there in the metre–tonne–second system of units?	  There are three units of length in the metre–tonne–second system of units: metre (m), tonne (t), and second (s).
5410	what is the wiimotes game version that supports the australia region?	  The Wii Remote Game Version that supports the Australia region is NTSC-U/C.
5411	what measurement system uses cable length as a unit?	  The American Wire Gauge (AWG) system, which is used to measure the diameter of electrical cables, uses cable length as a unit.
5412	in the international system of units, what unit measures volumetric flow rate?	  The unit of measure for volumetric flow rate in the international system of units is cubic meters per second (m3/s).
5413	george gwozdecky coaches what?	  George Gwozdecky is a former American college ice hockey coach. He is best known for his tenure as the head coach at the University of Denver, where he won two NCAA championships (2004 and 2005).
5414	in cascade hop what are the total number of beer styles?	  There are over 150 different beer styles recognized by the Brewers Association.
5415	what unit of temperature has the same measurement system as irradiance units watt per square metre?	  Kelvin (K).
5416	what can you use to measure centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  You can use a ruler, a balance, and a stopwatch to measure the centimetre-gram-second (CGS) system of units.
5417	what game supports 6502 microprocessor?	  The Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) was the first home console to use the 6502 microprocessor. The Atari 2600, Apple II, and Commodore 64 were also popular computers and home consoles that used the 6502 microprocessor.
5418	what ability do genie and e-123 omega share?	  Genie and E-123 Omega both have the ability to transform into various forms of transportation, such as a hoverboard, a rocket, or a motorcycle.
5419	metre per second squared for acceleration is used by what measurement system?	  The metre per second squared (m/s2) is a unit of measurement used in the International System of Units (SI).
5420	the terminuses of luanda belong to what railway?	  The Luanda railway terminuses belong to the Benguela Railway, which runs from the Atlantic port of Lobito in Angola to the eastern border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
5421	which automobile generation has predecessor made by chevrolet?	  The fifth generation Chevrolet Camaro (2010–2015) has a predecessor made by Chevrolet, the fourth generation Chevrolet Camaro (1993–2002).
5422	find a unit of temperature that has the same measurement system as irradiance units watt per square metre.	  Kelvin (K)
5423	what film producers weights 118.0 or less?	  There is no specific answer to this question as it depends on the individual film producer.
5424	name a professional field that contains adviser.	  Financial Adviser
5425	which is the unit of illuminance in international system of units?	  The unit of illuminance in the International System of Units (SI) is lux (lx).
5426	what includes hectoliter as volume unit?	  A hectoliter (hL) is a metric unit of volume equal to 100 liters (L). It is commonly used to measure the volume of liquids such as water, milk, and beer. Other items that are measured in hectoliters include grain, grapes, and oil.
5427	find a locomotive class with the least gauge (mm).	  The narrowest gauge locomotive class is the 750mm gauge, also known as the "narrow gauge". This type of locomotive is used in many countries around the world, including India, China, and South Africa.
5428	basel city casino holds what conference?	  The Basel City Casino does not hold any conferences.
5429	the royal coat of arms of scotland uses how many heraldic crests?	  The Royal Coat of Arms of Scotland uses four heraldic crests.
5430	for the north american continent region, what is the game version of kinect for xbox 360?	  The game version of Kinect for Xbox 360 for the North American continent region is Kinect Adventures.
5431	what was the video game region that virtua tennis 4 was released in?	  Virtua Tennis 4 was released in North America, Europe, Australia, and Japan.
5432	development of: the excimer laser sheath technique for embedded ivc filter removal is the subject of what written work?	  The excimer laser sheath technique for embedded IVC filter removal has been discussed in several medical journal articles, including:   1. "The Use of Excimer Laser Sheath for the Removal of Embedded Inferior Vena Cava Filters: A Single-Center Experience" by R.K. Kalra et al. published in The American Journal of Surgery in 2018.   2. "Removal of Embedded Inferior Vena Cava Filter by Excimer Laser Sheath" by P.A. Kline et al. published in The Annals of Vascular Surgery in 2017.   3. "Retrieval of an Embedded Inferior Vena Cava Filter Using an Excimer Laser Sheath" by M.M. El-Hakim et al. published in The Annals of Vascular Surgery in 2017.   4. "Successful Removal of an Embedded Inferior Vena Cava Filter Using an Excimer Laser Sheath" by A.J. Soslow et al. published in The Annals of Vascular Surgery in 2017.
5433	the gal for acceleration is used in what measurement system?	  The gal (or galileo) is a unit of acceleration used in the metric system.
5434	national semiconductor 32016 is manufactured by which processor fabricator?	  National Semiconductor 32016 is manufactured by the Intel Corporation.
5435	the iruna hosted what conference?	  The International Union of Railways (UIC) hosted the International Railway Summit in 2019.
5436	what measuring unit is coulomb per cubic metre?	  Coulomb per cubic metre is the unit of electric charge density.
5437	which cricket bowler has no more than 2 odi stumps?	  James Anderson is the only cricketer who has taken two or fewer wickets in an ODI match.
5438	jonathan a. rees is the developer of which programming language?	  Jonathan A. Rees is not a developer of any particular programming language.
5439	neeti mohan is featured on which soundtrack?	  Neeti Mohan is featured on the soundtrack of the Bollywood movie "Dangal" (2016). She sang the song "Dhaakad" for the movie.
5440	which tropical cyclone has a minimum speed larger than 170.0?	  The strongest tropical cyclone on record was Typhoon Haiyan, which had sustained winds of up to 195 mph (313 km/h).
5441	what is the radio subject of the dialogues on a tightrope: an italian mosaic?	  The radio dialogues on "A Tightrope: An Italian Mosaic" explore the history, culture, and identity of Italian immigrants in the United States. They discuss topics such as the Italian-American experience, the influence of Italian culture, and the importance of family and community.
5442	kingswood secondary academy is what type of school?	  Kingswood Secondary Academy is a secondary school in Corby, Northamptonshire, England.
5443	the newton-metre is the unit for moment of force in which measurement system?	  The Newton-metre is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
5444	what locomotive classes are a part of ger class y14?	  The Ger Class Y14 is a class of 0-6-0T steam locomotives built for the Great Eastern Railway. It is made up of the GER Class Y14, GER Class Y14A, GER Class Y14B, GER Class Y14C, GER Class Y14D, GER Class Y14E, GER Class Y14F, GER Class Y14G, GER Class Y14H, GER Class Y14J, GER Class Y14K, GER Class Y14L, GER Class Y14M, and GER Class Y14N.
5445	what conference subject is covered by symposium on principles of distributed computing?	  The Symposium on Principles of Distributed Computing covers topics related to distributed computing, such as distributed algorithms, fault-tolerance, distributed data structures, distributed systems, and distributed networks.
5446	what is the medical trial design that uses alendronate and/or parathyroid hormone for osteoporosis which has an expected total enrollment with the lowest number?	  The most efficient medical trial design for osteoporosis using alendronate and/or parathyroid hormone would be a randomized controlled trial (RCT). An RCT typically requires the lowest number of total participants, as it is designed to compare two or more treatments by randomly assigning patients to receive one of the treatments.
5447	what contains pint as volume unit?	  Pint is commonly used as a volume unit for measuring beer, cocktails, and other beverages. It is also used for measuring ingredients in cooking and baking.
5448	what calendar system has a month with less than 31 days and is also used in the julian calender system?	  February is the month with less than 31 days in the Julian calendar system.
5449	the si base unit of joules uses which unit profile?	  The SI base unit of joules uses the SI unit profile, which includes the metre, kilogram, second, ampere, kelvin, mole, and candela.
5450	how many exhibitions produced by national museum of australia	  The National Museum of Australia has produced over 200 exhibitions since its opening in 2001.
5451	in which video game region, lego pirates of the caribbean released?	  Lego Pirates of the Caribbean was released for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Nintendo 3DS, Wii, and Microsoft Windows platforms.
5452	596.9 (mm) is the gauge of which locomotive class?	  The EMD SD70ACe/LCi locomotive class.
5453	which cuisine contains more smoked salt than others?	  The cuisine that contains the most smoked salt is probably barbecue. Smoked salt is often used in barbecue recipes to add a unique flavor and aroma to the dish. Other cuisines that use smoked salt include Mexican, Indian, and Chinese.
5454	how many railway terminus is terminuses of stockton and darlington railway?	  There is only one railway terminus for the Stockton and Darlington Railway, located in Darlington.
5455	what conference series that has a sponsoring organization of atlassian software systems and is of type software conference?	  The Atlassian Summit is a software conference series sponsored by Atlassian Software Systems.
5456	how many contraindications does teriparatide have?	  Teriparatide has four known contraindications: active skeletal malignancy, hypercalcemia, prior radiation therapy to the skeleton, and pregnancy.
5457	what is the name of the region that nicalis published the latest released version of its game?	  The latest released version of Nicalis' game was published in North America.
5458	how many people contributed to the design of dragon quest viii original soundtrack video game soundtrack?	  It is not clear how many people contributed to the design of Dragon Quest VIII Original Soundtrack video game soundtrack.
5459	the cat is of what animal breed?	  There is no single breed of cat; they come in a variety of shapes, sizes, and colors.
5460	the mountain pass with an elevation of 1238.0 is named what?	  The specific name of the mountain pass with an elevation of 1238.0 is not known.
5461	how many exhibitions are produced by the exhibitgroup/giltspur?	  The ExhibitGroup/Giltspur does not produce exhibitions. They are an event services and exhibit fabrication company that provides design, fabrication, installation, and logistics services for exhibitions, trade shows, and special events.
5462	which tv genre which has the child genre sci-fi & fantasy is the genre of impact?	  The genre of Impact is a combination of Sci-Fi & Fantasy and Action/Adventure.
5463	name the engine which has a horsepower of 302.0.	  Ford 5.0L V8.
5464	the book character with empress parents is who?	  Princess Kaguya from the Japanese folktale, The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter.
5465	in which measurement system, watt per steradian is the radiant intensity unit?	  The watt per steradian is the radiant intensity unit in the SI system of measurement.
5466	name the tv station with the latest founding date.	  The latest founded TV station is AVA, which was founded in 2020.
5467	which was the most recent browser released by the creators of pst?	  The most recent browser released by the creators of PST is the PST Browser. It was released in April 2021.
5468	j is part of what unit profile?	  The Sapper or Combat Engineer unit profile.
5469	there exists a unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 1e+15 seconds, what is it?	  The unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 1e+15 seconds is the yoctosecond (ys). It is equal to 10^-24 seconds.
5470	how many compilations of video games did sega of japan develop?	  Sega of Japan has developed over 100 compilations of video games.
5471	what is the number of electric locomotive classes built by kawasaki?	  Kawasaki has built over 70 different classes of electric locomotives.
5472	what are the number of beaufort wind forces in a tropical cyclone category of deep depression (imd)?	  There are no specific Beaufort Wind Forces associated with a tropical cyclone of deep depression (IMD). The wind speeds associated with a tropical cyclone of deep depression (IMD) range from 17-27 knots (20-31 mph).
5473	for acmgis 2012, what are the conference proceedings?	  The conference proceedings for ACM GIS 2012 can be found online at the ACM Digital Library. The proceedings include the full papers, extended abstracts, and posters presented at the conference.
5474	the founder of the associators also founded what government agency?	  The government agency founded by the founder of the Associators was the Bank of North America, the first national bank in the United States.
5475	what sports team shares the same owner as the st. louis rams?	  The Los Angeles Chargers share the same owner as the St. Louis Rams.
5476	which project includes construction of abu zeyyan water reservoir?	  The Abu Zeyyan Water Reservoir project is part of the larger Wadi As-Sirhan Basin Development Program, which is a multi-billion dollar project funded by the World Bank and the Saudi Arabian government.
5477	what are emmett cullen and peter parker's jobs?	  Emmett Cullen is a construction worker in the Twilight series. Peter Parker is a photographer and a superhero in the Marvel universe.
5478	the proceedings of the fourth international partners in flight conference: tundra to tropic has what conference event?	  The Fourth International Partners in Flight Conference: Tundra to Tropic had a variety of events, including keynote speakers, workshops, field trips, and networking sessions.
5479	what would you say is the building function of jw marriott hotel mexico city and the omni atlanta hotel at cnn center?	  The JW Marriott Hotel Mexico City is a luxurious, full-service hotel that offers modern amenities, spacious accommodations, and a variety of dining and entertainment options. The Omni Atlanta Hotel at CNN Center is a luxurious, full-service hotel located in the heart of downtown Atlanta. It features modern amenities, spacious accommodations, and a variety of restaurants and bars. Both hotels offer a range of services, including meeting and event spaces, business centers, fitness centers, and concierge services.
5480	the balance board supports which video games?	  The Wii Balance Board is compatible with any game that supports the Wii Remote, including Wii Fit, Wii Fit Plus, Wii Sports, Wii Sports Resort, Wii Play, and Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games.
5481	the adaption from boku wa imōto ni koi o suru: secret sweethearts - kono koi wa himitsu is what adaption from adapted work?	  The adaption from Boku wa Imōto ni Koi o Suru: Secret Sweethearts - Kono Koi wa Himitsu is an anime film.
5482	what unit is used to represent 1.0 capacitance in farads?	  One farad (F) is used to represent 1.0 capacitance.
5483	the subject of theory of evolution is addressed on which radio program episode?	  The subject of evolution has been addressed on numerous radio programs, including National Public Radio's Science Friday, BBC Radio 4's The Life Scientific, and NPR's On Being with Krista Tippett.
5484	which astronaut has the same ethnicity as steve buscemi ?	  There is no astronaut who has the same ethnicity as Steve Buscemi. Buscemi is of Italian descent.
5485	what amendment to the constitution was proposed on jun. the 8th, 1789?	  The 8th Amendment to the United States Constitution, which protects citizens from excessive bail and fines, and prohibits cruel and unusual punishments, was proposed on June 8, 1789.
5486	http://hollywire.com initiated which website?	  Hollywire.com is a celebrity news website that was launched in 2009. It provides news and gossip about the latest happenings in Hollywood and the entertainment industry.
5487	find the cricket series has team two of england cricket.	  The England cricket team currently competes in a number of series, including the Test series against Australia, India, Pakistan and South Africa, the One Day International series against Australia, India, Pakistan and New Zealand, and the Twenty20 International series against Australia, India, Pakistan and South Africa.
5488	coulomb per square metre is the electric flux density unit of which measurement system?	  The SI system (International System of Units).
5489	naum is a part of what video game engine family?	  The Unreal Engine, developed by Epic Games, is part of the Naum family of video game engines.
5490	what is the status of the websites owned by trg online ltd?	  The status of the websites owned by TRG Online Ltd is currently unknown.
5491	rezidor hotel group owns what brand of hotels?	  Radisson Hotels is one of the brands owned by Rezidor Hotel Group.
5492	who made the first freebsd operating system?	  The first version of FreeBSD was released in 1993 by a group of computer scientists at the University of California, Berkeley, led by Bill Jolitz.
5493	computers with new nintendo 3ds use what processor?	  The Nintendo 3DS uses a dual-core ARM11 MPCore processor.
5494	in terms of weightmass of kilograms, what is the smallest unit of mass?	  The smallest unit of mass is the milligram (mg), which is equal to 1/1000 of a gram or 0.001 kilograms.
5495	the religion which practices passover seder associates with which religious text?	  The religious text associated with the Passover Seder is the Torah, or the Five Books of Moses.
5496	name of the video game version that has the peripherals supported by xbox 360 controller?	  The most popular video game version that supports Xbox 360 controller peripherals is the Xbox 360 version of the game.
5497	what is the illuminance unit that has 1.0 lux?	  The illuminance unit that has 1.0 lux is the lux (lx).
5498	what operating system supports p5 and includes linux as well?	  The operating systems that support P5 include Linux, Windows, Mac OS X, Solaris, and AIX.
5499	if speed is in 343.0 meters per second what unit of speed is that in?	  Kilometers per hour
5500	which video game designer designed both defense of the ancients and league of legends?	  The video game designer who designed both Defense of the Ancients (DotA) and League of Legends is Steve "Guinsoo" Feak.
5501	currah supports what video games?	  Currah supports a variety of classic video game consoles, including the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES), Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES), Nintendo 64 (N64), Sega Genesis, and Sega Saturn.
5502	which music video director weighs at least 90.7?	  There is no single music video director who weighs at least 90.7kg.
5503	the international system of units can be measured by using what?	  The International System of Units (SI) is measured using the seven base SI units, which are the metre, kilogram, second, ampere, kelvin, mole, and candela.
5504	the terminuses of yelverton belong to what railway?	  The Yelverton terminuses belong to the Great Western Railway.
5505	what is the number of worship places that jehovah's witness has?	  Jehovah's Witnesses have more than 119,000 places of worship in 230 countries around the world.
5506	what measuring instrument is a subclass of ocean bottom hydrophone?	  A hydrophone array is a type of ocean bottom hydrophone.
5507	what is a holiday of christian faith and is related to easter week?	  Good Friday is a Christian holiday that is part of the Easter Week celebrations. It commemorates the crucifixion of Jesus Christ and is observed by many Christian churches around the world.
5508	astro warrior was published by what video game publisher?	  Cobra Triangle was published by Nintendo.
5509	on 02/14/2011, which radio program was broadcasted for the first time?	  The first episode of National Public Radio's "All Things Considered" was broadcast on February 14, 1971.
5510	who is the heaviest film director?	  It is difficult to say who the heaviest film director is, as there is no reliable source for this information.
5511	devreach 2011 have a conference subject of whom?	  The 2011 DevReach Conference focused on Microsoft .NET technologies, including Windows Azure, Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), ASP.NET, Silverlight, and JavaScript.
5512	which meteorite has a mass of less than or equal to 2.3e+06?	  The Campo del Cielo meteorite has a mass of less than or equal to 2.3e+06.
5513	united states customary units belong to what inverse temperature unit?	  Fahrenheit (°F)
5514	what publisher of video games published the sherwood versions?	  Sherwood versions were published by Virgin Interactive Entertainment.
5515	the drug that is rectangles shaped is called?	  There is no specific drug that is rectangular in shape.
5516	locomotive class british rail class 86 belongs to what electric system?	  The British Rail Class 86 is an electric locomotive that runs on the 25 kV AC overhead system.
5517	visionaire adventure game engine is the game engine that is used in which video game?	  The Faire Tale Adventure game engine is used in the video game series The Dark Eye.
5518	the measurement which has the volume unit of cubic metre per kilogram has how many units of energy?	  There are no units of energy associated with the measurement of volume (cubic metres per kilogram). Energy is measured in Joules.
5519	which peripheral device is apart of the printer interface class?	  A printer interface device is a peripheral device that allows a computer to communicate with a printer. Examples of printer interface devices include USB cables, parallel cables, and wireless adapters.
5520	name the engine with a horsepower of 451.0.	  The engine is a 6.7L Cummins Turbo Diesel engine.
5521	which video game designer has designed both strong bad's cool game for attractive people - episode 4: dangeresque 3: the criminal projective and bone: the great cow race?	  The video game designer who designed both Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People - Episode 4: Dangeresque 3: The Criminal Projective and Bone: The Great Cow Race is Mike Stemmle.
5522	what is the unit profile of the si base unit of a j?	  The SI base unit for a joule (J) is the kilogram-meter squared per second squared (kg-m2/s2).
5523	what hop of beer make use of beer style altbier?	  Altbier is a traditional German beer style that is typically made with a combination of malts, hops, yeast, and water. Popular examples of altbier include Uerige Alt, Schumacher Alt, and Zum Uerige Alt.
5524	us customary unit uses what unit for luminance?	  Luminance is typically measured in candela per square foot (cd/ft2) or candela per square meter (cd/m2) in the US Customary System.
5525	which opera made it's debut performance on the date of 1952-02-17?	  The opera that made its debut performance on 1952-02-17 is La Strada, composed by Nino Rota.
5526	what aircraft designer creates an aircraft model with at least a cost of <3>?	  There are many aircraft designers who create aircraft models with a cost of less than $3,000. Some notable designers include the team at Airplane-Designs.com, Aerobeez, and Motion RC.
5527	how many different breeds from serbia share the same temperament as the smooth fox terrier?	  It is difficult to answer this question without knowing more about the specific temperament of the Smooth Fox Terrier. However, some popular dog breeds from Serbia that share similar temperaments include the Serbian Hound, the Yugoslavian Mountain Hound, and the Serbian Tricolor Hound.
5528	which video game publisher has the proving grounds of the mad overlord game versions published ?	  Strategic Simulations, Inc. (SSI) is the video game publisher of the Mad Overlord game versions.
5529	how many different engines are available for cryengine?	  There are currently four different engines available for CryEngine: CryEngine 3, CryEngine 3.5, CryEngine 4, and CryEngine 5.
5530	dysmorphophobia is the associated diseases or conditions of what medical specialty?	  Dysmorphophobia is a type of anxiety disorder and is associated with mental health, so it would be associated with the specialty of psychiatry.
5531	what input method is used in the musical game published by roxor games?	  The musical game published by Roxor Games uses a rhythm-based input method. Players must press buttons in time with the music in order to progress.
5532	what is the legal case regarding; residential segregation?	  The legal case regarding residential segregation is known as the Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka case. This landmark Supreme Court case ruled that racial segregation in public schools was unconstitutional. The ruling set a precedent for the desegregation of public spaces, including residential areas.
5533	towns is a type of which fictional setting?	  Fantasy.
5534	international system of units contains which unit of conductance?	  The International System of Units (SI) contains the unit of conductance, the siemens (S).
5535	what is the video game soundtrack for sacrifice?	  The soundtrack for Sacrifice is composed by Jeremy Soule and was released in 2001. It features a variety of orchestral and ambient pieces, and is available for purchase on digital music stores such as iTunes and Amazon.
5536	who is the owner of wdak radio station?	  WDAK is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.
5537	the international system of units is used to measure what exactly?	  The International System of Units (SI) is used to measure physical quantities such as length, time, mass, temperature, electric current, and luminous intensity. It is the modern form of the metric system and is the most widely used system of measurement worldwide.
5538	find steam locomotive class whose wheel configuration is 0-4-0.	  The 0-4-0 wheel configuration is typically used for a 'Tender' locomotive, which is a type of steam locomotive. Examples of steam locomotives with this wheel configuration include the Baldwin 4-4-0 American, the London and North Western Railway Class B, and the South African Class 7A.
5539	what magnetic flux density unit is the maximum destiny in teslas?	  The maximum magnetic flux density unit in Teslas is 1 Tesla.
5540	volts is part of what measurement system?	  The volt is part of the International System of Units (SI) measurement system.
5541	united states customary units uses what as its unit of volume?	  The US Customary System uses the gallon as its unit of volume.
5542	what type of education does swathmore college provide?	  Swathmore College provides a liberal arts education. It offers more than 600 courses in over 40 academic disciplines, including the humanities, social sciences, natural sciences, and engineering.
5543	which measurement system uses candela as the unit of volumetric flow rate?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the candela as the unit of volumetric flow rate.
5544	obsolete russian units of measurement contains what unit of length?	  Verst (верста) is an obsolete Russian unit of length, equal to approximately 1.067 kilometres (0.6629 miles).
5545	which kind of file format was extended from x bitmap?	  The X Pixmap (XPM) file format was extended from the X Bitmap (XBM) file format.
5546	what quantity of computers does e.s.r., inc. have as computer lines?	  E.S.R., Inc. does not disclose the number of computers they have as computer lines.
5547	which guitarist is the oldest?	  The oldest guitarist is probably Les Paul, who was born in 1915 and died in 2009.
5548	international system of units has what unit of moment of force?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the newton-meter (N⋅m) as its unit of moment of force.
5549	who is the person that designed the video game dawn of sorrow?	  Koji Igarashi was the lead designer of the video game Dawn of Sorrow.
5550	which unit of force has the smallest force in newtons?	  The smallest unit of force in newtons is the millinewton (mN), which is equal to 0.001 newtons.
5551	how many game expansions has bmg interactive published?	  It is not possible to provide an exact answer to this question as BMG Interactive has published a wide range of game expansions over the years, and the exact number is not known.
5552	in which measurement system volumetric flow rate unit is candela?	  Volumetric flow rate is not measured in candelas. Candela is a unit of measurement for luminous intensity. Volumetric flow rate is usually measured in cubic feet per second (ft3/s) or cubic meters per second (m3/s).
5553	which radio program episode has the subject of stephen jay gould?	  The episode of the radio program "Fresh Air" that covers the subject of Stephen Jay Gould is titled "Evolutionary Biologist Stephen Jay Gould."
5554	what is the shape of galaxies that share their classification code with m110?	  M110 is classified as an elliptical galaxy, so the shape of galaxies that share its classification code would also be elliptical.
5555	which dish has a recipe that consists of cosmopolitan recipe?	  Cosmopolitan Cocktail
5556	the bores and boredom has a football player that has quotations about it, who is he?	  The quote is attributed to former NFL quarterback Joe Montana: "Winning is not always fun. There's a lot of boredom and a lot of pain that goes into it."
5557	what unit of energy density uses international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule per cubic meter (J/m^3) as the unit of energy density.
5558	ken has how many collectable items?	  There are currently over 150 collectible items in the Funko Pop! Vinyl line.
5559	which video game, in zone of the enders series, is designed by kojima productions?	  The game is Zone of the Enders: The 2nd Runner - MARS, which was released in 2018. It was designed by Kojima Productions.
5560	the measurement system used by ohm centimeter uses what type of unit of area?	  The measurement system used by ohm centimeter uses the square centimeter (cm2) unit of area.
5561	can you tell me which glacier the katsuk glacier is?	  The Katsuk Glacier is located in the Chugach Mountains of Alaska.
5562	what opera made its first debut on 1862-12-26?	  The opera that made its first debut on December 26, 1862, was Giuseppe Verdi's La Forza del Destino.
5563	in the international system of units, what is the unit of surface tension?	  The unit of surface tension in the international system of units is the newton per meter (N/m).
5564	30 geminorum is a star in which constellation?	  Gemini.
5565	what is the image that was created on 2007-08-11t15:48:45-08:00?	  The image created by this timestamp cannot be determined without more information.
5566	what was the name of the legal case with plame leak as the subject?	  The legal case was United States v. Libby, also known as the Plame Affair.
5567	when measuring catalytic concentration katal per cubic metre, which system of measurement is used?	  The SI unit for catalytic concentration is katal per cubic metre, which is equivalent to moles per cubic metre (mol/m3).
5568	what holiday is related to christmas and is a holiday of christian religion?	  Epiphany, also known as Three Kings' Day, is a Christian holiday that is celebrated on January 6th. It marks the visit of the three wise men to the baby Jesus and is often seen as the end of the Christmas season.
5569	carotene has been tested for which medical trial?	  Beta-carotene has been tested in a variety of medical trials, including trials looking at its effects on cancer, heart disease, macular degeneration, and other diseases.
5570	kinect for the xbox 360 supports the japan region in what game version?	  The Kinect for Xbox 360 does not support the Japan region in any game version.
5571	which video game expansion has the most recent initial release date?	  The most recent initial release date for a video game expansion would be for the expansion to the game Animal Crossing: New Horizons, called Animal Crossing: New Horizons - Summer Update Wave 1, which was released on July 3, 2020.
5572	which chromosome is at the locus of 11 - [5963746,5964735]?	  Chromosome 11.
5573	what is the name of the video game that had an influence in the creation of mysims kingdom?	  The original game that had an influence on MySims Kingdom is The Sims.
5574	gil kane is the creator of which comic book series?	  Kane is best known for creating the comic book series The Incredible Hulk.
5575	what sport teams are part of puerto rico soccer league?	  The teams currently competing in the Puerto Rico Soccer League are:  1. Bayamón FC 2. Caguas Huracanes FC 3. Guaynabo Fluminense FC 4. Humacao FC 5. Mayagüez FC 6. River Plate Puerto Rico 7. San Juan Jabloteh 8. Sevilla FC Puerto Rico 9. Yabucoa FC
5576	what is the name of the video game that had an influence in the creation of 1k-mini-bdash?	  The video game that had an influence in the creation of 1k-mini-bdash is Super Mario Bros.
5577	tonsley railway line is included in which rail network?	  The Tonsley railway line is part of the Adelaide Metro network in South Australia.
5578	which system is troy ounce used as a mass unit of measurement?	  The Troy ounce is a unit of mass measurement used primarily in the measurement of precious metals such as gold, silver, and platinum. It is also used for measuring gemstones.
5579	what is used as the unit of volume in the measurement system with joule per mole per kelvin?	  The unit of volume in the measurement system with joule per mole per kelvin is the liter.
5580	what's the type of the conference series whose current frequency is once every two years?	  Biennial Conference Series.
5581	which sports team is the member of (old) v.league 1?	  The teams that are currently members of the V.League 1 (formerly known as the V.Premier League) are: JT Marvelous, Toray Arrows, Ageo Medics, NEC Red Rockets, Hisamitsu Springs, Hitachi Rivale, Denso Airybees, Okayama Seagulls, and PFU BlueCats.
5582	easy money has what adaptation adapted from it?	  The most popular adaptation of "Easy Money" is a board game released by Out of the Box Publishing in 2007. The game is for two to five players and requires strategy, luck, and negotiation skills to win.
5583	jeffrey kaplan designs how many video games?	  Jeffrey Kaplan has served as a designer and writer on several video games, including the Diablo, Warcraft, and Overwatch franchises. He has also been credited as a designer on the game Shadowrun.
5584	the quake 3 engine was proceeded by which video game engine?	  The Quake engine (Quake and QuakeWorld) preceded the Quake 3 engine.
5585	an electric field strength units of volt per metre has what unit of area measurement system?	  The unit of area measurement system for an electric field strength of volt per metre is square metres (m2).
5586	which type of engine is used in the aircraft with the smallest cargo capacity?	  The aircraft with the smallest cargo capacity typically use a piston engine or a turboprop engine.
5587	untersuchungen zu methode und herkunft der antiochenischen exegese is cited work for which scholarly works?	  Untersuchungen zu Methode und Herkunft der antiochenischen Exegese is a scholarly work written by German theologian and scholar Karl-Heinz Ohlig. It examines the various methods and sources used in the Antiochene exegesis, a form of biblical interpretation developed in the 4th century by a group of Christian theologians from Antioch.
5588	what locomotive is owned by c&o railroad?	  The C&O Railroad owned a variety of locomotives, including the 2-8-4 "Berkshire" type, 4-6-2 "Pacific" type, 4-8-2 "Mountain" type, and 4-8-4 "Northern" type.
5589	the translation el moderno sistema mundial is attributed to what translated work?	  The translation "El moderno sistema mundial" is attributed to the translated work Globalization: A Very Short Introduction, written by Manfred B. Steger.
5590	the last day of the year is when?	  The last day of the year is December 31st.
5591	what is a symptom of bipolar disorder?	  A symptom of bipolar disorder is mood swings, which can range from extreme highs (mania) to extreme lows (depression). Other symptoms may include changes in energy, sleep, and behavior.
5592	what is the us customary unit useful for measuring?	  The US customary unit for measuring is the inch, foot, yard, and mile.
5593	use of alcohol is part of the content description under what video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is a video game rating system that provides content descriptors for games that indicate the presence of alcohol.
5594	square/enix developed how many video game compilations?	  Square/Enix has developed three video game compilations: Final Fantasy Anthology, Final Fantasy Chronicles, and Final Fantasy Origins.
5595	what measurement system uses becquerels as the unit of radioactivity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses becquerels (Bq) as the unit of radioactivity.
5596	jun. the 22nd, 2001 was the day of the last perihelion of which comet?	  The last perihelion of comet Hale-Bopp was on June 22, 2001.
5597	the planck unit incorpates how many units of length?	  The Planck unit incorporates three units of length: the Planck length, the Planck time, and the Planck area.
5598	watt per meter per kelvin is used as the thermal conductivity unit in what measurement system?	  The watt per meter per kelvin is used in the International System of Units (SI).
5599	which film producer has a weight of at most 65.7708?	  There is no single film producer who has a weight of at most 65.7708.
5600	the quotation which is called flattery is all right if you don't inhale. is referring to what subject?	  The subject of the quotation is flattery, or the act of giving excessive compliments. The phrase "if you don't inhale" suggests that if one does not take too much in, the act of flattery can be harmless.
5601	what is the media format of musical release component that is release of the album?	  The most common media format for a musical release is a CD or digital download. Other formats may include vinyl, cassette, or streaming services.
5602	what lyricist write happiness is a warm gun with another lyricist who also wrote live and let die?	  John Lennon and Paul McCartney
5603	greece public library central library belongs to which public library system?	  The Central Library of Greece belongs to the National Library of Greece, which is part of the Hellenic National Library System.
5604	under which measurement system is poundal an angular velocity unit?	  Poundal is an angular velocity unit under the English Engineering System of Units (EE).
5605	moonstone / harpercollins (australia) publishes what kind of book edition?	  HarperCollins Australia publishes a wide range of book editions, including fiction, non-fiction, children's books, educational books, and more.
5606	which is the fictional setting that is contained by faerûn?	  Faerûn is the setting for the Forgotten Realms campaign world, a vast and detailed fantasy world created by author and game designer Ed Greenwood. It is the home of many different races and cultures, as well as a wide variety of monsters, gods, and other supernatural beings.
5607	what unit of energy is the same as cumecs?	  Cumecs is a unit of volumetric flow rate and is not a unit of energy.
5608	what edition is words of goethe, being the conversations of johánn wolfgang von goethe?	  This book is a compilation of conversations between Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and his friends, so there is no specific edition.
5609	1e+09 rate in bits per second is for what unit of data transmission rate?	  This rate is for a gigabit per second (Gbps) unit of data transmission rate.
5610	the tabuchi-kun is from what comic book series?	  Tabuchi-kun is a character from the Japanese manga series Boku no Tabuchi-kun.
5611	watson pharmaceuticals manufactures what drug form shapes?	  Watson Pharmaceuticals manufactures a variety of drug forms, including tablets, capsules, oral solutions, injections, and topical creams and ointments.
5612	of the following tv stations, which one is in romanian?	  Pro TV
5613	longlin various nationalities autonomous county is the autonomous countries or banners of what ethnic group in china?	  Linlonglin Autonomous County is an autonomous county of the Yi people, an ethnic minority group in China.
5614	western monitor is which class of locomotive?	  A GE C44-9W, commonly known as a Dash 9 or Dash 9-44CW, is a type of four-axle, 8,000 horsepower (6,000 kW) diesel-electric locomotive built by GE Transportation Systems of Erie, Pennsylvania. It is part of the GE Evolution Series of locomotives, which are the most advanced and efficient diesel-electric locomotives on the market today.
5615	watt per square metre per steradian is the electric field strength unit of which measurement system?	  The SI system.
5616	what is the number of collectable items in a gumball machine?	  The number of collectable items in a gumball machine can vary depending on the size and type of machine. Some machines may contain as few as 10 collectable items, while others may contain up to 100 or more.
5617	chromosome 20 (human) are what type of genome?	  Chromosome 20 (human) is a nuclear genome.
5618	what ship designer designed a ship that is designed by peter pett?	  Peter Pett designed the HMS Sovereign of the Seas, a ship of the English Royal Navy launched in 1637.
5619	in the measurement system including joule per mole per kelvin, what are the units of volume?	  The units of volume in the measurement system including joule per mole per kelvin are liters (L).
5620	the doom engine was proceeded by which video game engine?	  The id Tech 1 engine, also known as the Doom engine, was preceded by the Wolfenstein 3D engine.
5621	oxygenation is measured by what measuring instruments?	  Oxygenation can be measured with a dissolved oxygen meter, an oxygen sensor, or an oxygen analyzer.
5622	which website owner had a website with website api's which included java?	  The website owner who had a website with website APIs which included Java is Oracle Corporation. Oracle is a multinational computer technology corporation that specializes in developing and marketing computer hardware systems and enterprise software products. Oracle's website APIs include Java APIs for developing web applications, mobile applications, and enterprise applications.
5623	jeremy dooley supported which musical artist?	  Jeremy Dooley has not publicly expressed support for any musical artist.
5624	what is the name of the file format that has the same genre as the pe?	  The file format that has the same genre as a PE file is an EXE file.
5625	what soundtrack featured the artist malukah?	  The soundtrack featuring the artist Malukah is the soundtrack for the video game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim.
5626	find video games whose mode is cooperative multiplayer.	  1. Overcooked 2 2. A Way Out 3. Minecraft 4. Rocket League 5. Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes 6. Divinity: Original Sin 2 7. Sea of Thieves 8. Gang Beasts 9. Jackbox Party Pack 10. Super Mario Party
5627	what subject is discussed in the conference "dd4d?"	  DD4D is a conference focused on data-driven decision making. It is a forum for discussing and sharing best practices in data-driven decision making, including topics such as data analysis, machine learning, predictive analytics, and decision optimization.
5628	who built the locomotive for the taff vale railway a class?	  The locomotive for the Taff Vale Railway A Class was built by the Vulcan Foundry in Newton-le-Willows, Lancashire.
5629	microsoft corporation developed which video games?	  Microsoft has developed a wide variety of video games over the years, including the popular Halo, Gears of War, Forza Motorsport, and Age of Empires series. They have also developed many other popular franchises such as Fable, Crackdown, and Minecraft.
5630	chromosome 20 (human) has the same band as what genomic locus with an end base over 20299592?	  20:20299592-20299592
5631	methadone effects on zidovudine (zdv, azt) disposition is in what type of medical trials?	  Clinical trials.
5632	the unit of absorbed rate in international system of units is what?	  The unit of absorbed rate in the International System of Units (SI) is joules per second (J/s).
5633	a segment titled robert talks with noted author and paleontologist stephen jay gould was a part of which radio program episode?	  This segment was part of the episode of the radio program "The Infinite Mind" titled "The Evolution of Evolution: A Conversation with Stephen Jay Gould."
5634	barred spiral galaxy is the shape of which galaxy code?	  SBa
5635	in the international system of units, list the unit of magnetic flux.	  The unit of magnetic flux in the international system of units is the weber (Wb).
5636	in game controllers, which conveys depth perception to the user, is compatible with which video games?	  Most in-game controllers are compatible with the majority of video games on the market. However, some controllers may be specifically designed for certain types of games, such as racing games or first-person shooters.
5637	the magnetic flux units wb are determined by which measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
5638	the st.giga supports what video game platform?	  The st.giga supports the Sega Dreamcast video game platform.
5639	within the measurement system of international system of units, what unit of data transmission rate exists?	  The unit of data transmission rate in the International System of Units (SI) is bits per second (bps).
5640	supreme commander has influenced what?	  Supreme Commander has influenced the real-time strategy (RTS) video game genre. It was released in 2007 and was the first game in the Supreme Commander series. The game's success has led to the development of several sequels and spin-offs, including Supreme Commander 2 and Forged Alliance. The game has been praised for its unique and expansive battlefields, its focus on strategic planning and resource management, and its use of a "strategic zoom" feature that allows players to zoom out to an overhead view of the entire battlefield. The game has also been credited with popularizing the "mega-unit" concept, which allows players to build and control large, powerful units.
5641	virgin american has who for the iata airline designator?	  The IATA airline designator for Virgin America is VX.
5642	cashibo-cacataibo language is spoken by what ethnicity?	  The Cashibo-Cacataibo language is spoken by the Cashibo-Cacataibo people, an indigenous group of the Peruvian Amazon.
5643	what conference series happens biannual?	  Many conference series happen biannually, but some examples include the International Conference on Machine Learning, the International Conference on Robotics and Automation, and the International Conference on Computer Vision.
5644	data management has what business operation?	  Data management can support a wide range of business operations, including customer relationship management (CRM), marketing, sales, inventory management, financial reporting, and analytics. It can also help organizations better understand customer behavior, identify new opportunities, and improve operational efficiency.
5645	in aug. the 7th, 2007 which video game was released?	  On August 7, 2007, the video game BioShock was released for Windows and Xbox 360.
5646	what steam locomotive class has the wheel configuration of 4-2-2.	  The 4-2-2 wheel configuration is known as the "Atlantic" type, and was used on a variety of steam locomotives, including the London and North Western Railway's "Precursor" class, the Great Western Railway's "Saint" class, the North Eastern Railway's "G2" class, and the Great Eastern Railway's "G3" class.
5647	what religion could be considered a part of new thought movement?	  The most commonly associated religion with the New Thought Movement is Unity, which was founded in 1889 by Charles and Myrtle Fillmore. Other religions associated with the movement include Religious Science, Divine Science, and the Church of the Higher Self.
5648	what drug formulation category does triclocarban 0.0033 soap belong to?	  Triclocarban 0.0033 soap belongs to the drug formulation category of topical cleansers.
5649	who was the lightest deceased person?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the weight of deceased persons is not typically recorded.
5650	what film actor was married to thea von harbou no later than 1920	  The film actor was Fritz Lang, who was married to Thea von Harbou from 1920-1933.
5651	international consumer electronics show is what type of conference?	  The International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) is an annual trade show and conference organized by the Consumer Technology Association (CTA). It is one of the world’s largest consumer technology events, showcasing the newest and most innovative products and services in the consumer electronics industry.
5652	which video game developer developed zx spectrum: elite collection?	  The video game developer that developed the ZX Spectrum: Elite Collection was Codemasters.
5653	snes mouse is compatible with what videos games?	  The SNES mouse is compatible with the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) and Super Famicom video games such as Mario Paint, Super Mario Kart, and Super Mario World.
5654	what video games has the genre rally racing?	  1. DiRT 4 2. DiRT Rally 3. WRC 8 FIA World Rally Championship 4. V-Rally 4 5. Sebastien Loeb Rally EVO 6. Rally Fury - Extreme Racing 7. World of Speed 8. Richard Burns Rally 9. Colin McRae Rally 10. Dirt 5
5655	which unit of radioactivity has the biggest radioactivity in becquerels?	  The unit of radioactivity with the highest radioactivity in Becquerels is the Curie (Ci).
5656	what is a holiday of western christian church and is related to easter?	  Good Friday. Good Friday is a holiday in the Western Christian Church that commemorates the crucifixion of Jesus Christ and is observed during Holy Week, the week before Easter Sunday.
5657	what game came before steel panthers iii: brigade command?	  Steel Panthers II: Modern Battles.
5658	a component of house of representatives of the philippines is a component of what government body?	  The component of the House of Representatives of the Philippines is part of the bicameral legislature of the Philippine government known as the Congress of the Philippines.
5659	jôji yûki and shion uzuki have what occupation?	  Kôji Yûki and Shion Uzuki are both characters in the video game series Xenosaga. Kôji is a soldier, and Shion is a scientist.
5660	the nuuvem supports which video game platform?	  Nuuvem supports PC, Mac, and Linux platforms.
5661	what unit of charge is used in a measurement system that has the luminous flux units of lm?	  The unit of charge used in a measurement system that has the luminous flux units of lm is the coulomb (C).
5662	what day is the last day of the year?	  The last day of the year is December 31st.
5663	aaron broten played what position as an ice hockey player?	  Aaron Broten played left wing as an ice hockey player.
5664	when new york central park was constructed, what form of currency was being used?	  The New York Central Park was constructed between 1858 and 1873. At that time, the United States was using the US Dollar as its currency.
5665	which organization type does include us army?	  Government.
5666	what gameplay mode is the video game that supports the peripheral kinect for xbox one?	  The Kinect for Xbox One supports a variety of gameplay modes, including motion-controlled games, voice-controlled games, and augmented reality games.
5667	disney and which astronaut have the same ethnicity?	  The first African-American astronaut was Robert Henry Lawrence, Jr.
5668	who is the video game designer who designed challenge pro mode and minecraft beta?	  The video game designer who designed Challenge Pro Mode and Minecraft Beta is Markus "Notch" Persson.
5669	g is part of what measurement system?	  The metric system.
5670	princess quest: mahjong sword is a game under which video game version?	  Princess Quest: Mahjong Sword is a game available for the Nintendo Switch.
5671	what is the conference type of geschichte des revolutionszeitalters (j. burckhardt / uni basel 1867-1882)?	  The conference type of Geschichte des Revolutionszeitalters (J. Burckhardt / Uni Basel 1867-1882) is an academic lecture series.
5672	ukinrek maars has how many different types?	  Maars are a type of volcanic crater, and they can vary in size, shape, and depth. As such, there is no single answer to this question, as there is no definitive answer as to how many different types of maars exist.
5673	which unit of specific heat capacity is in the same measurement system with volts?	  Joules per Kelvin (J/K).
5674	six degrees of inner turbulence is a release of what musical recording?	  Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence is an album by progressive metal band Dream Theater, released in 2002.
5675	which of kongar-ol ondar and paul "earthquake" pena recordings is shortest in length?	  The shortest recording of Kongar-ol Ondar and Paul "Earthquake" Pena is "Udagan Chokur".
5676	name the ship class that has a cruise speed of 14.0.	  The ship class that has a cruise speed of 14.0 is the Aircraft Carrier.
5677	prince of persia: the sands of time was published by what video game publisher?	  Ubisoft.
5678	which video game has the version of fighting street?	  The original version of Fighting Street was released for the TurboGrafx-16 console in 1988. The game was later ported to the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive in 1989 as Street Fighter II': Champion Edition.
5679	who manufactures the camera sensor for the samsung gx10?	  The Samsung GX10 uses a Samsung CMOS sensor.
5680	which measurement system use short quarter as mass unit?	  The Avoirdupois system of measurement uses the "short quarter" as a unit of mass.
5681	what is the name of the exhibit that mino argento was displayed in?	  The exhibit featuring Mino Argento was called "Mino Argento: A Retrospective" and was held at the Museum of Modern Art in Buenos Aires in 2018.
5682	in the measurement system international system of units, what is the unit of acceleration?	  The unit of acceleration in the International System of Units (SI) is meters per second squared (m/s2).
5683	gigapascal is a pressure unit in what measurement system?	  The gigapascal is a unit of pressure in the International System of Units (SI).
5684	which video game platform is in the family of playstation 4?	  The PlayStation 4 is part of the PlayStation family, which also includes the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Vita, and PlayStation Portable.
5685	samurai shodown ii is a series of games made for which platform?	  Samurai Shodown II is a fighting game released for the Neo Geo arcade and home console in 1994.
5686	how many video game compilations have the genre of strategy video game?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as there are too many video game compilations to accurately count. However, there are many video game compilations that feature strategy video games, such as the Civilization series, Age of Empires series, and the Total War series.
5687	bbc radio theatre hosted which conference?	  There is no record of the BBC Radio Theatre hosting any conference.
5688	who is the shortest film casting director?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as film casting directors come in all shapes and sizes.
5689	the sinoces conference is what type of conference?	  The Sinoces Conference is an annual international trade fair and conference held in Qingdao, China. It focuses on the maritime industry, marine technology, and related services.
5690	which dead organism weighs more than 6.0?	  Most dinosaurs weighed more than 6.0 tons.
5691	in the atomic units system what is the unit of charge?	  The unit of charge in the atomic units system is the elementary charge (e), which is equal to 1.602 x 10-19 coulombs.
5692	who was the producer of greatest hits and let's lynch the landlord?	  The producer of Greatest Hits and Let's Lynch the Landlord was Spot.
5693	medieval ii has what video game mod added to it?	  The most popular mod for Medieval II is the Third Age Total War mod, which adds a new campaign based on the Lord of the Rings universe.
5694	find the measurement system that has an absorbed dose rate unit of gray per second.	  The measurement system with an absorbed dose rate unit of gray per second is the International System of Units (SI).
5695	the irish film classification office gave what video game rating?	  The Irish Film Classification Office does not rate video games.
5696	what is the unit of radiant intensity in international system of units?	  The unit of radiant intensity in the International System of Units (SI) is watts per steradian (W/sr).
5697	which video game developer developed bubble bobble	  The original Bubble Bobble game was developed by Taito Corporation.
5698	international system of units has what unit of amount of substance?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the mole (symbol mol) as the base unit for amount of substance.
5699	what is the unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 100.0 seconds?	  The unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 100.0 seconds is the millisecond (ms).
5700	what monasteries follow the premonstratensian order?	  The Premonstratensian Order is a Roman Catholic religious order of canons regular founded in 1120 by Saint Norbert of Xanten. Monasteries of the Premonstratensian Order include:  -Strahov Monastery in Prague, Czech Republic -Kloster Loccum in Germany -Kloster Corvey in Germany -Kloster Mariawald in Germany -Kloster Steinfeld in Germany -Kloster Wienhausen in Germany -Kloster Grafschaft in Germany -Kloster Kladruby in Czech Republic -Kloster Heiligkreuztal in Germany -Kloster Wettingen in Switzerland -Kloster Blaubeuren in Germany -Kloster Marienstatt in Germany -Kloster Bebenhausen in Germany -Kloster Wöltingerode in Germany -Kloster Marienstatt in Germany -Kloster Neustift in Italy -Kloster Königsmünster in Germany -Kloster Schöntal in Germany -Kloster Lamspringe in Germany -Kloster Schönau in Germany -Kloster Heilig Kreuz in Austria -Kloster Neustift in Austria -Kloster Heiligengrabe in Germany -Kloster Eberbach in Germany -Kloster Weltenburg in Germany -Kloster Grafschaft in Austria -Kloster Neustift in Austria -Kloster Neustift in Switzerland -Kloster Neustift in Belgium -Kloster Neustift in France -Kloster Neustift in Netherlands -Kloster Neustift in Poland -Kloster Neustift in Lithuania -Kloster Neustift in Latvia -Kloster Neustift in Ukraine -Kloster Neustift in Romania -Kloster Neustift in Hungary -Kloster Neustift in Slovakia -Kloster Neustift in Slovenia -Kloster Neustift in Croatia -Kloster Neustift in Serbia -Kloster Neustift in Bosnia and Herzegovina -Kloster Neustift in Bulgaria -Kloster Neustift in Moldova -Kloster Neustift in Albania -Kloster Neustift in Montenegro -Kloster Neustift in Macedonia
5701	what is the name of the video game that was an expansion of bioshock infinite: burial at sea?	  Bioshock Infinite: Burial at Sea - Episode 1 & 2.
5702	regina, saskatchewan builds what type of locomotive?	  Regina, Saskatchewan is home to the Canadian Pacific Railway's Regina Locomotive Shops, which build and maintain locomotives for the railway. The locomotives built at the Regina Locomotive Shops include diesel-electric locomotives, electric locomotives, and steam locomotives.
5703	in what measurement system is the furlong unit used?	  The furlong is a unit of measurement used in the imperial system of measurement.
5704	what is the name of the defunct sports team that has the sport of road bicycle racing?	  The Tour de France team.
5705	what video game is published by synergy, inc.	  The only video game published by Synergy, Inc. is the mobile game "Wizard's Wheel".
5706	a part of castlevania games was designed by which video game designer?	  Konami's Koji Igarashi is the most well-known video game designer associated with the Castlevania series.
5707	what is the fictional setting type of city?	  Fictional settings can take many forms, including fantasy cities, post-apocalyptic cities, and even entire worlds. Examples of fictional cities include Gotham City, Metropolis, and the City of Ember.
5708	of meteorites, which has a mass of more than 16550.0?	  The Hoba meteorite, located in Namibia, is the largest known meteorite with a mass of more than 16550.0 kg.
5709	cooking mama: world kitchen is a series of games made for which platform?	  The Cooking Mama: World Kitchen series is available for the Nintendo Wii and Nintendo DS.
5710	which musical recording is produced by disney corporation?	  Disney Music Group produces a variety of musical recordings, including soundtracks, compilations, and original albums. Some of the most popular Disney musical recordings include the soundtracks from Frozen, Moana, The Lion King, Aladdin, and Beauty and the Beast.
5711	how many exhibitions are produced by the art gallery of nsw?	  The Art Gallery of NSW produces over 50 exhibitions each year.
5712	having a minimum speed larger than 125.0 applies to what tropical cyclone?	  Any tropical cyclone with maximum sustained winds of at least 125 mph (205 km/h) is classified as a Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale.
5713	what game was made prior to sonic adventure?	  The original Sonic the Hedgehog game was released in 1991 for the Sega Genesis.
5714	what is the software with genres editor and word processor?	  Microsoft Word is the most popular software with both a genres editor and word processor. It is available for both Windows and Mac operating systems.
5715	museum-wise, how would one categorize the palestine archaeological museum?	  The Palestine Archaeological Museum, also known as the Rockefeller Museum, is a museum located in East Jerusalem, near the Old City. It is classified as an archaeological museum, as it houses a large collection of artifacts from the ancient Near East. It is particularly known for its collection of ancient ceramics, inscribed stones, and other artifacts from the region.
5716	what is the class of locomotives built by bombardier voyager family?	  The Bombardier Voyager family of locomotives is a class of electric multiple unit (EMU) diesel-electric locomotives built by Bombardier Transportation.
5717	in the international system of units, which is the unit for wavenumber?	  The unit for wavenumber in the international system of units is inverse meters (m⁻¹).
5718	ashwin?] is the month in what calendar system?	  The Hindu calendar system.
5719	how many game expansions has thq, inc released?	  THQ, Inc. has released over 100 game expansions since it was founded in 1989.
5720	1.0 joules per cubic meter demonstrates density of which unit of energy density?	  The unit of energy density is joules per cubic meter (J/m^3).
5721	the locomotive classes of british rail class d2/12 are what?	  The British Rail Class D2/12 was an 0-4-4T steam locomotive designed for shunting and short distance passenger services. It was the last of the LNER's 0-4-4T classes.
5722	the video game xenosaga episode i: der wille zur macht has what soundtrack?	  The soundtrack for Xenosaga Episode I: Der Wille zur Macht was composed by Yasunori Mitsuda. It was released on a two-disc album on April 24, 2002 in Japan by DigiCube and re-released by Square Enix on June 29, 2005.
5723	what tld registry registered the .tv corporation?	  The .tv Corporation is registered with Verisign, the registry for the .tv top-level domain.
5724	which version released in japan supports xbox360?	  The Japanese version of the Xbox 360 was released in December 2005 and was known as the Xbox 360 Elite.
5725	presence was produced by what theater private company limited by shares?	  The answer to this question depends on the specific theater in question.
5726	tms34010 is supported by which game?	  The TMS34010 processor was used in a variety of arcade and console games, including the Sega Genesis version of NBA Jam, the SNES version of The Jungle Book, and the arcade game Lethal Enforcers.
5727	what measuring instruments are used to measure electrical current?	  Common instruments used to measure electrical current include multimeters, clamp meters, and ammeters.
5728	what's the name of the esperanza's shortest recording?	  The shortest recording by Esperanza Spalding is "Vague Suspicions".
5729	biohazard sound chronicle best track box are the soundtracks of which video game?	  Biohazard Sound Chronicle Best Track Box is a compilation album of music from the Resident Evil video game series.
5730	what book was adapted from a adaption of war and peace?	  The movie War and Peace, released in 1956, was based on Leo Tolstoy's novel of the same name.
5731	what software belongs to the genres productivity software and chrome extension?	  Productivity Software: Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Cloud, Google Suite, Trello, Evernote, Asana  Chrome Extension: Grammarly, LastPass, Honey, AdBlock, Pushbullet, Momentum
5732	the religion which practices fasting associates with which religious text?	  The religious text associated with fasting is the Quran, the holy book of Islam.
5733	judd winick created which comic book characters who appeared in along came a spider?	  Judd Winick created the characters of Ben Reilly (the Scarlet Spider) and Kaine (the Jackal) for the "Spider-Man: The Lost Years" storyline, which was published in the "Amazing Spider-Man" comic book series from 1994 to 1996.
5734	name the unit of plane angle which has a measurement system of surface density units of kilogram per square metre?	  The unit of plane angle with a measurement system of surface density units of kilogram per square metre is the radian (rad).
5735	what was the radio episode that was about the igor stravinsky?	  The episode was called "The Firebird: Stravinsky's Revolutionary Masterpiece" and it aired on NPR's Performance Today in February 2017.
5736	new orleans convention center holds what conference?	  The New Orleans Convention Center typically holds a variety of conferences and events throughout the year. Some of the most popular events include the National Association of Realtors Conference and Expo, the Offshore Technology Conference, the International Esthetics, Cosmetics & Spa Conference, and the American Society of Anesthesiologists Annual Meeting.
5737	what measurement system makes kilogram per square metre its unit to measure surface density?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses kilogram per square metre (kg/m^2) as the unit of measure for surface density.
5738	what's the name of the radio episode about the army?	  The episode is called "The Army Story," and it aired on NPR's All Things Considered.
5739	what catalytic activity unit has the active in 1.0 katals?	  1 katal is equivalent to 1 mole of catalytic activity per second.
5740	which video game rating includes the content descriptor of nudity?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) rating of Mature (M) includes the content descriptor of Nudity.
5741	fm radio is played by what radio station?	  FM radio is broadcast by many different radio stations, depending on the area. To find out what FM radio stations are available in your area, you can use a radio station finder website such as Radio-Locator.com.
5742	which type of fictional setting is the setting type of a fictional setting of mark of cain, part two?	  The fictional setting of Mark of Cain, Part Two is a post-apocalyptic setting.
5743	what is the number of video game compilations with the genre of strategy video game?	  It is difficult to answer this question definitively as the number of video game compilations with the genre of strategy video game is constantly changing. However, as of 2021, there are over 200 strategy video game compilations available across multiple platforms.
5744	in the midland railway 156 class, what were the specific locomotive classes?	  The Midland Railway 156 class was divided into two locomotive classes:   * 156A class: 4-4-0 locomotives designed by John Aspinall.  * 156B class: 4-4-2 locomotives designed by Henry Fowler.
5745	wyxb is owned by which radio station?	  The radio station that owns WXYB is iHeartMedia, Inc.
5746	what is the video game series that includes a video game expansion designed by blizzard games?	  The video game series is Blizzard's Warcraft, and the expansion designed by Blizzard is Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos.
5747	what is the name of the unit of length that is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include mace?	  The unit of length associated with the mace measurement system is the cubit.
5748	which system of measurement includes liters as a unit of volume?	  The metric system.
5749	mount tampomas has how many types?	  Tampomas is a type of traditional Indonesian dance. There are many different types of Tampomas, including Tampomas Betawi, Tampomas Palembang, Tampomas Jawa, and Tampomas Padang.
5750	the wave height of less than 5.5 is under what beaufort wind force?	  Beaufort Wind Force 3 (Gentle Breeze).
5751	which sponsor of the conference also sponsored the same conference series with dell inc?	  The other sponsor of the conference series with Dell Inc is Microsoft.
5752	information technology is part of what conference series?	  The most common conference series related to information technology is the International Conference on Information Technology (ITC). This series is organized by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and covers topics such as cyber security, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and more.
5753	which concert tour has the concert films or videos of def leppard viva! hysteria concert?	  The concert film and video for Def Leppard's Viva! Hysteria tour is available on DVD and Blu-ray.
5754	the locus of 12 + [74071155,74104086] is in what chromosome?	  The locus of 12 + [74071155,74104086] is on chromosome 12.
5755	which video games have the same soundtrack as gran turismo 4 kicks?	  It is difficult to identify which video games have the same soundtrack as Gran Turismo 4, as the game features a wide variety of licensed songs from various artists. However, some of the more popular songs featured in the game include "Beautiful Day" by U2, "The Rockafeller Skank" by Fatboy Slim, "Canned Heat" by Jamiroquai, "Take Me Out" by Franz Ferdinand, and "Stellar" by Incubus.
5756	which measurement system uses micro per degree c as inverse temperature units?	  The International Temperature Scale of 1990 (ITS-90) uses micro reciprocal degrees Celsius (μΩ·°C⁻¹) as inverse temperature units.
5757	which radio programs focus on homelessness?	  1. NPR's "Homelessness in America"  2. BBC Radio 4's "Homelessness in the UK"  3. KQED's "The Homelessness Crisis"  4. KALW's "Homelessness in San Francisco"  5. KUOW's "The Realities of Homelessness"  6. KCRW's "The Homelessness Crisis in Los Angeles"  7. WBEZ's "Homelessness in Chicago"  8. WNYC's "Homelessness in New York City"  9. WHYY's "Homelessness in Philadelphia"  10. KPCC's "The Problem of Homelessness in Southern California"
5758	argonaut games created which video game engine?	  The Argonaut Games video game engine is called the Argonaut Virtual Machine (AVM).
5759	for the north american continent region, what is the game version of wii remotes?	  The Nintendo Wii Remote Plus is the game version of the Wii Remote for the North American Continent region.
5760	what component of fuel economy has economy measured in litres per kilometre less than 0.01?	  Fuel economy is typically measured in litres per 100 kilometres (L/100km). A fuel economy of less than 0.01 litres per kilometre is not possible.
5761	who sponsors geschichte des revolutionszeitalters (j. burckhardt / uni basel 1867-1882)?	  The University of Basel sponsored J. Burckhardt's Geschichte des Revolutionzeitalters from 1867-1882.
5762	what is the name of the structure that topped out on 2004-10?	  The Taipei 101 Tower.
5763	what is the subject of times beach: born 1925, died 1983	  The subject of Times Beach is the life and death of the town of Times Beach, Missouri, founded in 1925 and abandoned in 1983 due to hazardous levels of dioxin contamination.
5764	when it comes to the soundtrack of the king and i what type of theater genre includes this in their play?	  The King and I is a musical theatre genre.
5765	francesco petrarca are interested in what?	  Francesco Petrarca (1304-1374) was an Italian poet, scholar, and humanist. He is best known for his Italian poetry, particularly the Canzoniere ("Songbook"), a collection of love poems that are considered some of the most influential works of Italian literature.
5766	name an architect that has created 4 structures.	  1. Frank Gehry 2. Zaha Hadid 3. Renzo Piano 4. I.M. Pei 5. Norman Foster 6. Santiago Calatrava 7. Ludwig Mies van der Rohe 8. Richard Rogers
5767	joule per mole is the unit of molar energy in which measurement system?	  The joule per mole is a unit of molar energy in the International System of Units (SI).
5768	which unit has the largest amount of joules?	  The largest unit of energy is the exajoule (EJ), which is equal to one quintillion (1,000,000,000,000,000,000) joules.
5769	which is the family of a computer processor that is a variant of atmega162?	  The ATMega162 is a member of the AVR family of 8-bit microcontrollers from Atmel.
5770	the potential in volt is 1.0 in which unit of potential?	  Volt
5771	gauss is the magnetic flux density unit for what measurement system?	  The gauss is the magnetic flux density unit for the CGS (centimeter-gram-second) measurement system.
5772	what genre matches 'this' comic book series and the coldest man on earth!?	  Superhero/Fantasy
5773	which is the largest unit of frequency in terms of hertz?	  The largest unit of frequency in terms of hertz is the exahertz (EHZ), which is equal to one quintillion (1018) hertz.
5774	centimetre–gram–second system of units utilizes what unit of speed?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units utilizes the metre per second (m/s) as the unit of speed.
5775	inductance units of henries belong to which measurement system?	  The henry (symbol: H) is an SI derived unit of electrical inductance. It is named after Joseph Henry, the American scientist who discovered electromagnetic induction independently of and at about the same time as Michael Faraday in England.
5776	bharat heavy electricals limited builds what class of locomotives?	  Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) builds both electric and diesel locomotives.
5777	name the units of molar energy used in the international system of units.	  The units of molar energy used in the International System of Units are joules per mole (J/mol).
5778	what professional conference does sitefinity sponsor?	  Sitefinity sponsors the Sitefinity Digital Experience Conference (DXC). The conference is held annually and features speakers, workshops and networking events related to the Sitefinity platform.
5779	what image ratio does the camera with more than 6.2 digital zoom have?	  The image ratio of a camera with more than 6.2 digital zoom will depend on the specific camera model. Generally speaking, digital zoom will not affect the image ratio and it will remain the same as the camera's native image ratio.
5780	1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin is equal to which unit of volumetric heat capacity?	  The unit of volumetric heat capacity is joules per cubic meter per kelvin (J/m^3K).
5781	search for the shortest film casting director.	  The shortest film casting director is likely to be the director of a short film, which is typically around 10 minutes in length. Examples of short films with casting directors include:  • "The Kite" (2018) directed by Mikey Hill and casting by Joe Cocker  • "The Burden" (2019) directed by Niki Lindroth von Bahr and casting by Anna Bergman  • "The Lost Thing" (2010) directed by Andrew Ruhemann and casting by Julia Adams
5782	what gameplay mode does wow wotlk provide?	  World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King provides players with a variety of gameplay modes, including the following:  • Player vs. Player (PvP): Players can engage in large-scale battles against other players in battlegrounds, arenas, and world PvP.  • Player vs. Environment (PvE): Players can explore dungeons and raids, complete quests, and battle against powerful computer-controlled monsters.  • Role-Playing (RP): Players can create their own characters and storylines, and interact with other players in a more immersive and story-driven environment.
5783	where will the electronic entertainment expo 2010 conference be held?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) 2010 conference will be held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
5784	160.0 is the maximum speech for what locomotive class?	  The maximum speech for a locomotive class is determined by the type of locomotive and the type of track it is running on. Generally speaking, locomotives with higher horsepower ratings can reach higher speeds than those with lower horsepower ratings.
5785	what is the number of game expansions that thq wireless has published?	  THQ Wireless has published over 100 game expansions.
5786	where can i find the genomic locus in chromosome 16 (human)?	  You can find the genomic locus in chromosome 16 (human) on the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) website. You can search for the specific locus using the NCBI search engine.
5787	which newspaper circulation area is the flight destination of b-25 empire state building crash?	  The flight destination of the B-25 Empire State Building crash was New York City, which is served by many newspapers, including the New York Times, the New York Post, the Daily News, and the Wall Street Journal.
5788	what is the video game expansion for it came from the desert?	  The expansion for It Came From The Desert is called It Came From The Desert II: Antheads. It was released in 1991 for the Amiga, Atari ST, and MS-DOS platforms.
5789	non-si units mentioned in the si is a system of measurement for what unit of solid angle?	  The SI unit of solid angle is the Steradian (sr).
5790	the international system of units unit of molar volume is what?	  The unit of molar volume in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per mole (m3/mol).
5791	which video games versions were released in asia?	  There are too many video games to list all of the versions released in Asia, but some popular titles include the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC versions of games like Grand Theft Auto V, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, FIFA 21, and Red Dead Redemption 2.
5792	ohm centimeter is the resistivity unit in which measurement system?	  The ohm-centimeter is a unit of electrical resistivity, and is part of the International System of Units (SI).
5793	what color is in the light color range that includes tiritiri matangi lighthouse?	  The light color range of the Tiritiri Matangi Lighthouse is white.
5794	find the video game version published by microsoft corporation.	  Microsoft publishes a wide range of video game titles, including popular franchises such as Halo, Gears of War, and Forza. Some of the most recent releases include Halo: The Master Chief Collection, Gears 5, and Forza Horizon 4.
5795	behaviour interactive developed how many video game compilations?	  It is difficult to answer this question as there is no definitive answer. The number of video game compilations developed by a particular game developer or studio using interactive behaviour will depend on the number of games they have released, the number of platforms they have released them on, and the number of compilations they have released.
5796	the release date feb. the 3rd, 1989 is for what musical?	  The release date of Feb. 3, 1989 is for the album "The Raw & The Cooked" by the British band Fine Young Cannibals.
5797	what has x-com: terror from the deep influenced?	  X-COM: Terror from the Deep has been a major influence on the turn-based strategy genre. It has inspired a number of games, including the popular X-COM: UFO Defense and its sequels, as well as other games such as UFO: Aftermath and Xenonauts. Its influence can also be seen in other genres, such as survival horror and tactical role-playing games.
5798	how many different dog breeds from bosnia and herzegovina have the same temperament as the xoloitzcuintle?	  Unfortunately, there are no known dog breeds from Bosnia and Herzegovina that have the same temperament as the Xoloitzcuintle.
5799	beaufort force 8 will be listed under what tropical cyclone category?	  Beaufort Force 8 is classified as a Category 1 Tropical Cyclone.
5800	farmers, ranchers, and other agricultural managers is a specialization of which profession?	  Agricultural Management.
5801	which programming language developer was the language used for uzbl made with?	  Uzbl was written in C.
5802	what unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include planck mass?	  The Planck length is the unit of length associated with a measurement system whose mass units include the Planck mass.
5803	how many organizations in fiction are there in the dc comics universe?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the DC Comics Universe is vast and constantly evolving.
5804	national system of interstate and defense highways inludes which roads in its highway system?	  The Interstate and Defense Highway System includes all interstate highways, such as I-95, I-10, and I-80, as well as the US Highway system, such as US 1 and US 66, and the Defense Highway System, such as the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways.
5805	in the us customary unit, how many different units of length are there?	  There are four different units of length in the US Customary Unit system: inches, feet, yards, and miles.
5806	wpty is owned by what radio station owner?	  iHeartMedia, formerly known as Clear Channel Communications.
5807	the electric current unit know as planck current belongs to which measurement system?	  The Planck current is part of the International System of Units (SI).
5808	the wow video game has what soundtrack?	  The soundtrack for World of Warcraft (WoW) is composed by Russell Brower, Derek Duke, Jason Hayes, Glenn Stafford, Neal Acree, and David Arkenstone. It has been released on several albums, including World of Warcraft: Original Game Soundtrack, World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King Soundtrack, and World of Warcraft: Cataclysm Soundtrack.
5809	who is the mascot for the seattle mariner wnba team?	  The Seattle Mariners WNBA team mascot is named Doppler.
5810	what is the ethnicity of people who speak powhatan language?	  The Powhatan language is a Native American language spoken by the Powhatan people, who are members of the Powhatan Confederacy of Virginia. The Powhatan people are Native American Algonquian-speaking people who are descended from the Powhatan Confederacy of Virginia, which was made up of several tribes, including the Pamunkey, Mattaponi, Chickahominy, Nansemond, and Rappahannock.
5811	what is the episode of a radio program whose artist is daniel zwerdling?	  The episode of the radio program featuring Daniel Zwerdling is "The War on Drugs: A Failed Experiment."
5812	which locomotive has completed the most number of constructions?	  The GE C30-7 locomotive has completed the most number of constructions, with more than 2,500 units built between 1975 and 1986.
5813	in the international system of units which is the angular frequency unit used?	  The angular frequency unit used in the International System of Units is radians per second (rad/s).
5814	name the rail gauge which has a maximum width of 1067.0.	  Standard gauge
5815	what measurement system uses meter as a unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the meter as a base unit of length.
5816	what manufactured drug have a diamond shape?	  The drug Sildenafil (brand name Viagra) has a diamond shape.
5817	what is the lake with the largest catchment area?	  The lake with the largest catchment area is Lake Superior, which is located on the border between the United States and Canada. It has a catchment area of 82,103 square miles (212,460 km2).
5818	when measuring force by newtons, which unit of force is smallest?	  The smallest unit of force measured in newtons is the millinewton (mN).
5819	where would video games with a rating of rating pending be located?	  Video games with a rating of Rating Pending would be located in the same area as other video games, usually in the "Entertainment" section of a store. However, some stores may have a special section for Rating Pending games.
5820	which locomotives have a class of victorian railways h class?	  The Victorian Railways H class is a class of 4-6-4T steam locomotives built by Baldwin Locomotive Works in the United States for the Victorian Railways in Australia. They were used for suburban passenger services in Melbourne from 1927 until the mid-1960s.
5821	parallel programming is the focus of what conference event?	  The International Conference on Parallel Processing (ICPP) is an annual event that focuses on research and development in parallel programming.
5822	in what system of measurements is quarter section used to measure radiance?	  Quarter section is not used to measure radiance. Radiance is typically measured in watts per square meter (W/m2).
5823	what is the expansion for the video game lord of the rings online?	  The expansion for the video game Lord of the Rings Online is called "Mines of Moria".
5824	who is the director weighs no more than 78.0?	  There is no one specific director who weighs no more than 78.0.
5825	which animal breed has the examples of jezki?	  Jezki is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse.
5826	which rail gauge has a width of at least 914.0?	  Standard gauge.
5827	which ship builder built uss lamberton (dd-119)?	  The USS Lamberton (DD-119) was built by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company.
5828	what are the number of characters that appear on the cover of marvel preview #7?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on the edition of Marvel Preview #7 that you are referring to.
5829	what ability do gandalf and ganondorf share?	  Gandalf and Ganondorf both possess magical powers.
5830	which software falls into both web filtering and internet content filtering genres?	  The most common software that falls into both web filtering and internet content filtering genres is a firewall. Firewalls can be used to block certain types of content from entering a network and can also be used to filter out malicious websites.
5831	what comic book series is in the same genre as the vanishing menaces?	  The Vanishing Menaces is a part of the Marvel Comics series, so other Marvel Comics series in the same genre would include The Avengers, X-Men, Spider-Man, Fantastic Four, and Deadpool.
5832	pheenix was influenced by which video game?	  Pheenix was inspired by the classic shoot 'em up game Galaga.
5833	what is the unit of length in non-si units mentioned in the si?	  The non-SI unit of length commonly mentioned in the SI is the metre.
5834	local news fits into what radio broadcast genres?	  Local news typically fits into the radio broadcast genres of news/talk, public radio, and sports radio.
5835	what comic book series ends with madman jam #2?	  The Madman comic book series by Mike Allred.
5836	pesa sa builds locomotives of which class?	  The locomotives built by Transnet Engineering (formerly known as Transwerk) are of the Class 6E1 and Class 6E3 electric locomotive types.
5837	which exhibtions were curated by the same person who curated whatever they say i am, that’s what i’m not?	  The same person who curated Whatever They Say I Am, That’s What I’m Not is the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago's Chief Curator Michael Darling. Other exhibitions he has curated include:   - The City Lost and Found: Capturing New York, Chicago, and Los Angeles, 1960–1980 (2018)  - The Freedom Principle: Experiments in Art and Music, 1965 to Now (2015)  - David Bowie Is (2013)  - The Art of Video Games (2012)  - The Long Dream (2008)  - The Art of Richard Tuttle (2007)  - The Art of Robert Indiana (2006)  - The Art of Robert Rauschenberg (2004)  - Pop Life: Art in a Material World (2009)  - Beyond the Supersquare: Art and Architecture in Latin America after Modernism (2015)
5838	what is the organism which has a height larger than 1.55?	  Humans.
5839	what unit of energy is used in the same measurement system as becquerels for measuring radioactivity?	  The same unit of energy used in the same measurement system as becquerels for measuring radioactivity is the joule.
5840	general electric co. built how many electric locomotive classes?	  General Electric has built over 100 different classes of electric locomotives since its first electric locomotive in 1895.
5841	how many religions partake in the holy eucharist?	  There is no single answer to this question, as the practice of the Eucharist (also known as Communion or the Lord's Supper) is celebrated in various forms by many different religions. Some of the major religions that observe the Eucharist include Christianity, Anglicanism, Catholicism, Eastern Orthodoxy, Lutheranism, Methodism, and Presbyterianism.
5842	imperial system and united states customary units are uses for?	  The imperial system and United States customary units are used to measure length, area, volume, weight, and temperature. They are also used for measuring time, speed, and angles.
5843	what video game does guy stevens design in the match day series?	  Guy Stevens designed Match Day, the first game in the Match Day series.
5844	which measurement system uses the electric field strength unit called watt per square metre per steradian?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the electric field strength unit called watt per square metre per steradian.
5845	paw is the successor engine to what video game?	  AlphaGo, the computer Go program developed by Google DeepMind.
5846	ayyavazhi has how many types of worship places?	  Ayyavazhi has two types of worship places: Pathis and Vaikal. Pathis are places of worship dedicated to Ayyavazhi, while Vaikal are places of worship dedicated to other religions.
5847	how many different dog breeds from the ukraine have a similar temperament as aaustrian pinscher?	  There are no known dog breeds from the Ukraine that share a similar temperament as the Austrian Pinscher.
5848	in kohl v. united states, what are the legal subjects?	  The legal subjects addressed in the case of United States v. Kohl are the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution and the exclusionary rule. Specifically, the case addresses the question of whether evidence obtained through an illegal search and seizure can be used in a criminal prosecution.
5849	name the radio programs which have the subject of newspapers.	  1. The Sunday Edition  2. On the Media  3. The World  4. NPR's Morning Edition  5. All Things Considered  6. The Takeaway  7. The News Hour  8. The Current  9. The Newsroom  10. The World Today
5850	rhythmic adult contemporary are played on which radio station?	  A radio station that plays rhythmic adult contemporary music would typically be a Top 40 station.
5851	what music video performer's performances are portrayed in clowns?	  There is no specific music video performer whose performances are portrayed in clowns.
5852	which astronaut has the same ethnicity as sean mcnamara ?	  There is no astronaut with the same ethnicity as Sean McNamara.
5853	mario kart 3ds are games on which video game platform?	  Mario Kart 3DS is a game on the Nintendo 3DS video game platform.
5854	what video game versions are available from wicked interactive?	  Wicked Interactive currently offers a variety of mobile and PC games, including:  -Guns of Mercy: Reloaded -Aura Kingdom -Jade Dynasty -Dragon Raja -Tales of Wind -Lords Mobile -Empire of Angels IV -Goddess: Primal Chaos -Aurora Legend -Rise of Nowlin -Zombie Hunter: Apocalypse -Eternal Chaos -Blade 2: The Return of Evil -War of Crown -King of Avalon: Dragon Warfare -Rise of Kingdoms -Crazy Defense Heroes -Age of Wushu Dynasty -Heroes Evolved -Nova Empire -Soul Hunters -Soul Worker Online -Dawn of Isles -Rise of Civilization -Rise of Kingdoms: Lost Crusade -Rise of Empires: Ice and Fire
5855	what video game did underground development design?	  Underground Development designed the video game "The Warriors".
5856	which distilled spirit has alcohol content of no more than 50.0?	  Grain alcohol, also known as "ethanol," is the only distilled spirit with an alcohol content of no more than 50.0%.
5857	volts is utilized as measurement in what system?	  The volt is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
5858	fecal-oral route is the transmission route for which infections diseases?	  The fecal-oral route is the transmission route for many infectious diseases, including cholera, typhoid fever, hepatitis A, rotavirus, norovirus, and cryptosporidiosis.
5859	where can i find the genomic locus in chromosome 9 (human)?	  The exact genomic locus on chromosome 9 (human) can be found in the Genomic Locus Database (GOLD) available at https://www.genenames.org/cgi-bin/geneloc-search.
5860	which noble person is also the sibling of sir anthony perrin fitzherbert, 2nd baronet?	  Sir John Perrin Fitzherbert, 1st Baronet.
5861	the international system of units is used by which unit of energy density?	  The international system of units is used to measure energy density in joules per cubic meter (J/m3).
5862	9/11 memorial is in what radio program?	  There is no specific radio program dedicated to the 9/11 memorial. However, many radio stations have aired special programs and segments about the 9/11 memorial and the events of September 11, 2001.
5863	what unit of data transmission rate in the international system of units is utilized for transfer larger than 1e+09 bits per second?	  The unit of data transmission rate in the International System of Units (SI) for transfers larger than 1e+09 bits per second is the Gigabit per second (Gbit/s).
5864	1.0 unit of energy in joules per kilogram is expressed in what unit of specific energy?	  Joules per kilogram is a unit of specific energy and is expressed in joules per kilogram (J/kg).
5865	andrew barclay sons & co. builds what class of locomotives?	  Andrew Barclay Sons & Co. builds industrial locomotives, including shunters, tank locomotives, and battery locomotives.
5866	which boxer is the heaviest?	  The heaviest boxer is currently WBC heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder, who weighs in at 212 lbs.
5867	what is the color filter array type of digital cameras with compressed format motion jpeg?	  The color filter array type of digital cameras with compressed format motion JPEG is typically a Bayer pattern.
5868	which organism has a height larger than2.7?	  Many organisms have a height larger than 2.7, including humans, horses, giraffes, and elephants.
5869	how many medical treatments have a side effect of trait anxiety?	  There is no single answer to this question as the side effect of trait anxiety can vary depending on the type of medical treatment. Some common medical treatments that may have a side effect of trait anxiety include certain types of medications, such as antidepressants, antipsychotics, and benzodiazepines; certain types of surgery; and certain types of radiation therapy.
5870	united states customary units includes what unit as the standard unit of specific heat capacity?	  The standard unit of specific heat capacity in the US customary system is the British Thermal Unit (BTU).
5871	what unit does the international system of units use to measure the volumetric flow rate?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the cubic meter per second (m3/s) to measure volumetric flow rate.
5872	what artwork is in plastic bottles	  There are many forms of artwork created with plastic bottles, such as sculptures, mobiles, and mosaics. Artists have also used plastic bottles to create installations, paintings, and jewelry.
5873	the lowest pressure in pascals belongs to which unit of pressure?	  The lowest pressure in pascals belongs to the unit of pressure called the pascal (Pa).
5874	the shogi is part of what video game version?	  Shogi is a featured game in the PlayStation 4 video game, Shogi Wars.
5875	falcon v has a rocket status of what?	  The Falcon 9 rocket, built by SpaceX, is currently in an operational status.
5876	what type of ship class is known for it's endurance of 10.0?	  The Endurance-class of ships is known for its endurance of 10.0.
5877	which radio program last aired on mar. the 25th, 2010?	  It is impossible to answer this question without more information.
5878	how many types does mount samakke nupuri have?	  Mount Samakke Nupuri has two types: the traditional type, which is a wooden frame with a fabric covering, and the modern type, which is a metal frame with a plastic or vinyl covering.
5879	what video game developer developed the twin series vol. 3 – konchuu monster/super chinese labyrinth game and version of flying dragon: the secret scroll game?	  The video game developer that developed the Twin Series Vol. 3 – Konchuu Monster/Super Chinese Labyrinth Game and the version of Flying Dragon: The Secret Scroll Game is Natsume.
5880	which video game has the version of master of orion ii: battle at antares?	  The classic version of Master of Orion II: Battle at Antares is available for purchase on GOG.com.
5881	which video games versions were released in japan?	  There are many popular video games that have been released in Japan, including:  - Super Mario Bros. - Street Fighter II - Sonic the Hedgehog - Final Fantasy - Dragon Quest - Pokemon - Monster Hunter - Dragon Ball Z - Metal Gear Solid - Tales of Vesperia - Kingdom Hearts - Yakuza - Fire Emblem - Animal Crossing
5882	which video game is released in nov. the 2nd, 2005?	  The video game released on November 2nd, 2005 was Call of Duty 2.
5883	the aircraft model designed by indonesian aerospace has what engine type?	  Indonesian Aerospace's N219 aircraft is powered by two Pratt & Whitney PW627F turboprop engines.
5884	who is the owner of wvrl radio station?	  WVRL Radio is owned and operated by the WVRL Radio Group, LLC.
5885	who designed the ocean telegraph?	  The Ocean Telegraph was designed by the British inventor William Fothergill Cooke and the American inventor Charles Wheatstone.
5886	which railway has the terminuses of namibe?	  The Namibe Railway has two terminuses, Namibe and Menongue.
5887	who is the language creator that is tallest?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the height of language creators is not widely known.
5888	which film producer's weight is at most 77.55?	  There is no single film producer whose weight is at most 77.55.
5889	what is the name of the developer who created industry giant?	  The developer who created Industry Giant is JoWood Productions.
5890	name the subatomic particles that are from the leptons family.	  -Electrons -Muons -Tau particles -Neutrinos
5891	which adaptation is adapted from adapted work which is an adaptation from the great adventure?	  The Great Adventure: An Adaptation of Jules Verne's Classic Novel.
5892	which planet has the lowest orbital order?	  The planet with the lowest orbital order is Mercury, which is the closest planet to the Sun.
5893	what is the unit of measurement that coulomb per kilogram is a part of?	  Coulomb per kilogram is a unit of electric charge density, which is part of the International System of Units (SI).
5894	18.75 is the maximum speed of what ship class?	  The maximum speed of a Wasp-class amphibious assault ship is 18.75 knots.
5895	find locomotives of class british rail class 332.	  British Rail Class 332 electric multiple units were built by CAF in Spain between 2003 and 2004. They are currently operated by Southeastern and mainly serve the South Eastern Main Line from London to Kent. The units are formed of four cars and are capable of a maximum speed of 100 mph (160 km/h).
5896	in what countries is the version developed by arkedo studio and distributed through xbox live community games released?	  Arkedo Studio's game distributed through Xbox Live Community Games has been released in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Argentina, Peru, and Venezuela.
5897	which rail network has madrid - lleida high speed rail iine	  The Madrid - Lleida high speed rail line is part of the Spanish national rail network, operated by Renfe.
5898	what does the international system of units use in their measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the metric system of measurement, which is based on the units of length (meters), mass (kilograms), time (seconds), electric current (amperes), temperature (Kelvin), amount of substance (moles), and luminous intensity (candela).
5899	which one of the meteorite's mass is less than or equal to 4240.0?	  The meteorite with the mass of 4240.0 is the one with the least mass.
5900	what class of ships have a max speed of 20.0?	  Most pleasure craft and some commercial vessels, such as ferries, tugs, and barges, have a maximum speed of 20.0 knots (23.0 mph).
5901	atari lynx has what video games?	  The Atari Lynx does not have any video games. It was a handheld gaming console released by Atari in 1989.
5902	which genre for broadcast has content titled kvfg?	  KVFG is the call sign of a radio station in Victorville, California, which broadcasts an Adult Contemporary format.
5903	which unit of data transmission rate has bits per second as its maximum rate?	  The unit of data transmission rate that has bits per second as its maximum rate is the baud rate.
5904	what is the wine that belongs to sonoma wines, has 14.9 percentage of alcohol?	  The wine is likely a Sonoma County Cabernet Sauvignon, which typically has an alcohol content of 14.9%.
5905	which unit of electric current uses the measurement system of international system of units?	  The ampere (A) is the unit of electric current in the International System of Units (SI).
5906	what olympic game has the minimum number of events?	  The Winter Olympics has the fewest events, with 15 total.
5907	what occupation is done by both emily fields and charlie brown?	  Both Emily Fields and Charlie Brown are students.
5908	which fictional character's species is anthropc?	  The fictional character Buzz Lightyear from the Toy Story franchise is an anthropomorphic toy.
5909	the printer interface peripheral is compatible with which computer?	  The printer interface peripheral is compatible with both PCs and Macs.
5910	nbl built which locomotive class?	  The British Rail Class 08 diesel-electric locomotive.
5911	name the sponsors of dartmouth conferences.	  1. Dartmouth College 2. The Dartmouth Alumni Association 3. The Dartmouth Club of New York 4. The National Science Foundation 5. The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation 6. The Rockefeller Foundation 7. The Henry Luce Foundation 8. The Charles Koch Foundation 9. The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation 10. The Ford Foundation
5912	gigasecond was used as luminance unit in which measurement system?	  Gigaseconds are not used as a unit of measurement in any system.
5913	which comic book characters that were created by tom defalco appeared in dazzler?	  Dazzler was created by Tom DeFalco and Roger Stern and first appeared in Uncanny X-Men #130 (February 1980). Other characters created by Tom DeFalco that have appeared in Dazzler include Firestar, the White Queen, Arcade, and the Beyonder.
5914	there exists a unit of time in the international system of units used to measure less than 1000.0 seconds, what is it?	  The unit of time in the International System of Units used to measure less than 1000.0 seconds is the millisecond (ms).
5915	dharmic religions is a sort of belief of what?	  Dharmic religions believe in a cycle of birth, life, death, and rebirth known as samsara. They also believe in karma, the law of cause and effect, and the concept of dharma, which is the moral order of the universe.
5916	xbox 360 live arcade distributes which video game versions?	  Xbox Live Arcade distributes digital versions of classic and current generation console games, as well as original games. Popular titles include Minecraft, Cuphead, Geometry Wars, Castle Crashers, and Rocket League.
5917	what is the unit of angular acceleration in measurement system international system of units?	  The unit of angular acceleration in the International System of Units (SI) is radians per second squared (rad/s2).
5918	what api is used for the entity describer?	  The Google Cloud Natural Language API is used for entity describer. It provides natural language understanding technologies, such as sentiment analysis, entity recognition, and syntax analysis. The API can be used to extract entities from text, including people, organizations, locations, events, and more.
5919	find the smallest unit of mass in terms of kilograms.	  The smallest unit of mass in terms of kilograms is a milligram (mg), which is equal to 0.001 kilograms (kg).
5920	which music artist was helped by jeremy dooley?	  Jeremy Dooley has not been known to help any particular music artist.
5921	what unit of time belongs to the same measurement system with ampere per metre?	  Seconds.
5922	on 07/18/2011 which radio program was first broadcasted?	  The first radio program broadcasted was a live concert of the New York Metropolitan Opera on May 10, 1910.
5923	what is the name of the unit of plane angle that belongs the same measurement system as joule per kelvin?	  The unit of plane angle that belongs to the same measurement system as joule per kelvin is radian.
5924	what mass unit shares a measurement system with gray per second?	  The mass unit that shares a measurement system with gray per second is the sievert (Sv).
5925	who is the transport operator of helicoptor?	  The transport operator of a helicopter will depend on the specific helicopter and its purpose. In general, helicopters used for commercial transport are operated by private companies or government agencies.
5926	compressed format quicktime file format digital cameras use what type of color filter array?	  Most digital cameras use a Bayer color filter array (CFA).
5927	dangerous hunts supported which video games?	  Dangerous Hunts is a series of hunting video games developed by Crave Entertainment and published by Activision. The series includes Dangerous Hunts (2003), Dangerous Hunts 2 (2004), Dangerous Hunts: Ultimate Challenge (2005), Dangerous Hunts: Legends (2006), Dangerous Hunts: Origins (2009), and Dangerous Hunts 2013 (2012).
5928	which title is most commonly given to eastern orthodox religious leaders?	  The most commonly given title to Eastern Orthodox religious leaders is "Patriarch."
5929	rocketdyne used what fuel?	  Rocketdyne used liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen as fuel.
5930	in international system of units, what is the unit of angular frequency?	  The unit of angular frequency in the International System of Units (SI) is the radian per second (rad/s).
5931	optimum® is the grandparent of how many brands?	  Optimum® is the grandparent of more than 10 brands, including Optimum Nutrition, Optimum Care, Optimum Solutions, Optimum Performance, Optimum Balance, Optimum Choice, Optimum Solutions, Optimum Health, Optimum Wellness, Optimum Living, and Optimum Care.
5932	epidermophyton floccosum 50 injectable solution refers to which routed drug?	  Epidermophyton floccosum 50 injectable solution is not a drug. It is a type of fungus.
5933	what wine has the maximum percentage of new oak?	  The wine that has the highest percentage of new oak is Barolo, which is typically aged for two years in new oak barrels.
5934	what is the version of video game that was developed by the same developer as airport tycoon 2?	  The developer of Airport Tycoon 2 is Astragon Entertainment. The most recent version of a video game developed by Astragon Entertainment is Construction Simulator 3, released in 2020.
5935	name all of the rivers located in portugal.	  1. Tagus River 2. Douro River 3. Guadiana River 4. Minho River 5. Mondego River 6. Sado River 7. Vouga River 8. Mira River 9. Coa River 10. Lima River
5936	what is the conference series that focuses on international conference on computer graphics theory and applications (grapp)?	  The International Conference on Computer Graphics Theory and Applications (GRAPP) is a series of biennial conferences organized by the Institute for Systems and Technologies of Information, Control and Communication (INSTICC).
5937	what unit of magnetic flux density represents the measurement of a density of 0.0001 measured in teslas?	  Milliteslas (mT).
5938	the genomic locus in chromosome 4 (human) can be found where?	  The specific genomic locus in chromosome 4 (human) can be found by searching the NCBI Genome Database. The database contains information on the location of specific genes, including those located in chromosome 4.
5939	international conference on differential geometric methods in theoretical physics is a series on which subject?	  The conference focuses on mathematical physics, specifically on topics related to differential geometry and its applications to physical theories.
5940	the oldest architect was named?	  The oldest known architect is Imhotep, an Egyptian architect who lived around 2550 BCE.
5941	which class of locomotives are built by hudswell clarke?	  Hudswell Clarke is a British locomotive manufacturer that specializes in industrial and narrow gauge steam locomotives. They are best known for their 0-4-0 saddle tank locomotives, which are used in a variety of industrial settings, including mines, quarries, and factories.
5942	which wii-remote version supports the south korea region?	  The latest version of the Wii Remote (RVL-CNT-01-TR) supports the South Korea region.
5943	what is the name of some software written in the programming language ibm rexx?	  1. IBM Tivoli NetView 2. IBM WebSphere MQ 3. IBM Rational Developer for System z 4. IBM SPSS Modeler 5. IBM System Automation for z/OS
5944	who is the film casting director with shortest height?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the height of film casting directors is not publicly known.
5945	using a phase i evaluation of azidothymidine (azt) in children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome (aids) or aids related complex (arc) which medical trial has the least number of expect total enrollment?	  The clinical trial with the least number of expected total enrollment is the Phase I Open Label Single Arm Study of Azidothymidine (AZT) in Pediatric Patients With Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS) or AIDS Related Complex (ARC). This study is expected to enroll a total of 8 patients.
5946	what is the number of infectious diseases that are transmitted by the anopheles gambiae?	  There is no single answer to this question as the Anopheles gambiae can transmit a variety of infectious diseases, including malaria, dengue, yellow fever, and lymphatic filariasis.
5947	what is the make of first generation dodge viper?	  The first generation Dodge Viper was manufactured by Chrysler and was introduced in 1992.
5948	how many different dog breeds from the canada have a similar temperament as abull terrier?	  There are no specific breeds of dogs in Canada that have the same temperament as a Bull Terrier. However, there are some breeds that have similar temperaments, such as the American Staffordshire Terrier, Boston Terrier, Staffordshire Bull Terrier, American Pit Bull Terrier, and the Bullmastiff.
5949	the anatomy theatre & museum shares a conference series with what conference event?	  The Anatomy Theatre & Museum shares a conference series with the Cambridge Science Festival.
5950	what measurement system employs the irradiance unit watt per square metre?	  The International System of Units (SI) employs the irradiance unit watt per square metre.
5951	leo cavalcanti supported what musical artist?	  Leo Cavalcanti was a Brazilian singer, songwriter and guitarist who was part of the Tropicalismo movement in Brazilian music. He is best known for his work with artists such as Gilberto Gil, Caetano Veloso, Gal Costa, Chico Buarque, Maria Bethânia, and Tom Zé.
5952	what is the unit of magnetic field strength of a measurement system that has the data rate units of bit per second?	  The unit of magnetic field strength in a measurement system with bit per second data rate units is Tesla (T).
5953	the standard measure of radiance is called square kilometer in what measurement system?	  The standard measure of radiance is called a "watt per square meter" and is measured in the International System of Units (SI).
5954	how would you classify radio shows with the subject of historical sciences?	  Historical Sciences Radio Shows
5955	boeing ah-64 apache is the subject of which video game?	  The AH-64 Apache is featured in the video game series, Ace Combat.
5956	name the video game version which has the peripherals supported by wii zapper.	  The Wii Zapper is compatible with the Wii version of the game, "Link's Crossbow Training."
5957	which unit of charge is used in measurement system that has the luminous flux units of the lm?	  The unit of charge used in a measurement system that has the luminous flux unit of lm is the Coulomb (C).
5958	what was the most recent browser released by the creators of wke?	  The most recent browser released by the creators of WKE is WKE Browser 1.2.0.
5959	which project puts emphasis on elevador da lavra?	  The Elevador da Lavra project is a major urban regeneration project in Lisbon, Portugal, that seeks to restore and revitalize a historic district of the city. The project focuses on preserving and enhancing the unique architectural, cultural and social heritage of the neighborhood, while also providing modern amenities and services for its residents. The project includes the restoration of historic buildings, the construction of new housing and public spaces, and the development of infrastructure and public services.
5960	what video games are included on the xbox platform?	  Some of the most popular Xbox games include:  - Halo - Forza Motorsport - Gears of War - Minecraft - Grand Theft Auto V - Red Dead Redemption 2 - Sea of Thieves - Call of Duty: Modern Warfare - Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege - Rocket League - Devil May Cry 5 - Cuphead - Ori and the Blind Forest - Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order
5961	what text serves as the core of judaism and is honored by male circumcision practitioners?	  The core text of Judaism is the Torah, which is the first five books of the Hebrew Bible. Male circumcision is a ritual commanded by God in the Torah and is seen as a sign of the covenant between God and the Jewish people.
5962	what is the name of the hebrew language and literature channel?	  The name of the Hebrew language and literature channel is "Kan" (כאן).
5963	which conference series are sponsored by acm sigarch?	  The ACM SIGARCH sponsored conference series include:  - ACM International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA) - ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Microarchitecture (MICRO) - ACM/IEEE International Symposium on High-Performance Computer Architecture (HPCA) - ACM/IEEE International Conference on Supercomputing (ICS) - ACM/IEEE International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS) - ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO) - ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Memory Management (ISMM) - ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Workload Characterization (IISWC)
5964	zeitschriftendatenbank started what website?	  The Zeitschriftendatenbank (ZDB) is a German online database of more than 35 million bibliographic records of serials, journals, newspapers, and other periodicals. It is maintained by the Berlin-Brandenburgische Akademie der Wissenschaften (Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities).
5965	what conference event has a conference venue associated with the electronic entertainment expo 2013 conference?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) 2013 conference was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
5966	what number of spacecrafts did german aerospace center and astrium manufacture?	  It is not possible to answer this question precisely since the German Aerospace Center and Astrium have manufactured many different types of spacecrafts over the years.
5967	what was the skinnest noble person name?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it is subjective and depends on individual interpretation.
5968	what unit in the international system of units is used to measure?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the seven base units of the metric system to measure physical quantities. These base units are the meter (m) for length, the kilogram (kg) for mass, the second (s) for time, the ampere (A) for electric current, the kelvin (K) for temperature, the mole (mol) for amount of substance, and the candela (cd) for luminous intensity.
5969	who designed datsun 280 zzzap	  The Datsun 280ZX was designed by Kazumasu Takagi and his team at Nissan Motor Corporation.
5970	which recipe author is speaking the bahasa indonesian?	  It is difficult to determine the recipe author without additional information.
5971	which gameplay mode is the video game that supports the peripheral currah?	  The peripheral Currah is compatible with the Atari 2600, which supports the classic gameplay mode.
5972	which core text of catholic religion do sacraments practitioners honor?	  Catholics honor the core text of the Catholic religion, the Catechism of the Catholic Church. The Catechism outlines the teachings of the Catholic faith, including the seven sacraments. The seven sacraments are Baptism, Confirmation, Eucharist, Reconciliation, Anointing of the Sick, Holy Orders, and Matrimony.
5973	which radio episode was about evolutionary theory?	  The episode of Radiolab titled "Evolution" is about evolutionary theory.
5974	what video game series also includes a video game expansion that was designed by blizzard games?	  The Warcraft series of video games, developed by Blizzard Entertainment, includes an expansion called Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne.
5975	which locomotive class was introduced first?	  The first locomotive class was the 0-4-0, which was introduced in the early 1800s.
5976	what video game versions were released in jp?	  Some popular video game versions released in Japan include:  -Final Fantasy VII -Dragon Quest XI -Monster Hunter World -Persona 5 -Super Mario Odyssey -Yakuza 0 -NieR: Automata -Kingdom Hearts III -Pokémon Sword and Shield -Super Smash Bros. Ultimate
5977	how many different breeds from great britain have the same temperament as the otterhound?	  There are currently no other breeds from Great Britain that have the same temperament as the Otterhound. The Otterhound is a rare breed and its temperament is unique to the breed.
5978	illuminance units lux are the system of measurement for what unit of time?	  Lux is a unit of illuminance and is not related to any specific unit of time.
5979	what is the international system of units measurement of surface density?	  The international system of units (SI) measurement for surface density is kilograms per square meter (kg/m^2).
5980	what is the soundtrack of video game never winter nights?	  The soundtrack of Neverwinter Nights is composed by Jeremy Soule. It includes tracks such as "The King's Return", "The City of Neverwinter", "The Sword Coast", "The Silver Marches", and "The Frozen Wastes".
5981	what is the name of the rocket that is considered operational?	  The SpaceX Falcon 9 is considered to be an operational rocket.
5982	what video game was released on 04/06/1994 for the first time.	  The first video game released on 04/06/1994 was NBA Jam, a basketball arcade game developed and published by Midway Games.
5983	what is the name of the heaviest boxer?	  The heaviest boxer in history is probably Nikolai Valuev, a Russian professional boxer who held the WBA heavyweight title from 2005 to 2009. He weighed in at a peak of 328 pounds (149 kg).
5984	which conference sponsor also sponsored the same conference series with isilon?	  The same conference series sponsored by Isilon was also sponsored by Dell Technologies.
5985	what is the legal case regarding; bribery?	  The legal case regarding bribery is that it is illegal in most countries. Bribery is the offer or acceptance of anything of value in exchange for influence or advantage, usually in the form of money, gifts, services, or other favors. It is illegal in most countries, including the United States, and is punishable by fines and/or imprisonment.
5986	which comic books character that appeared in summons from space! did gil kane create?	  Gil Kane created the comic book character Adam Strange, who appeared in the story "Summons from Space" in Mystery in Space #53 (1961).
5987	mount kilamanjaro has how many different types?	  Kilimanjaro has five different types of vegetation zones: montane forest, heath, moorland, alpine desert, and summit.
5988	what unit of data transmission rate has a rate in bits per second larger than 8e+06?	  Gigabits per second (Gbps) has a rate of 1,000,000,000 bits per second, which is larger than 8e+06.
5989	in which government body has the jurisdiction bahamas?	  The Government of the Bahamas is a parliamentary constitutional monarchy, whereby the Prime Minister is the head of government and of a multi-party system. Executive power is exercised by the government. Legislative power is vested in both the government and the two chambers of the Parliament of the Bahamas. The judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature. The Bahamas is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations.
5990	who is the creator of the tv program american idol series?	  The creators of the American Idol series are Simon Fuller, Nigel Lythgoe, and Ken Warwick.
5991	the hindu calendar (south) has which months in its calendar system?	  The Hindu calendar (south) has twelve months in its calendar system: Chaitra, Vaisakha, Jyaishtha, Asadha, Sravana, Bhadra, Asvina, Kartika, Agrahayana, Pausa, Magha, and Phalguna.
5992	what is the capital of administrative division that is also the location of a broadcast producer of kmxb?	  The capital of the administrative division is Beijing, and the broadcast producer of KMxb is located in Beijing.
5993	down antiquark is part of the same family of particles as what subatomic particle?	  A down antiquark is a type of quark, so it is part of the same family of particles as other quarks, such as up quarks, strange quarks, and charm quarks.
5994	name the unit of resistance which has a resistance in ohms of 1.0.	  The unit of resistance with a resistance of 1.0 ohms is the ohm (Ω).
5995	kincoppal school is what kind of school?	  Kincoppal School is a Catholic independent school for girls, located in Rose Bay, Sydney, Australia.
5996	daniela hantuchová won what tennis tournament?	  Daniela Hantuchova won the WTA Tour Championships in 2002.
5997	what is the unit used to measure centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units (abbreviated cgs or CGS) is a metric system of physical units based on centimetre (cm) as the unit of length, gram (g) as the unit of mass, and second (s) as the unit of time.
5998	flipull is what version of video game?	  Flipull is a 1989 puzzle video game developed by Compile and published by Taito.
5999	joule per cubic metre is part of what measurement system?	  The joule per cubic metre is part of the International System of Units (SI).
6000	what is the name of the measurement system that measures acceleration by gal?	  The Gal (Galileo) is a unit of acceleration in the CGS (centimeter-gram-second) system of measurement.
6001	sell has what type of video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the video game rating system used by the United States, Canada, and Mexico. It assigns age and content ratings to video games and mobile apps to provide consumers with information about the games' content.
6002	which film song was composed by the composer of we are the champions?	  The song "We Are the Champions" was composed by Queen's lead singer Freddie Mercury.
6003	what teams play the sport athletics?	  Athletics is a broad term for a variety of individual and team sports, including track and field, cross country running, road running, racewalking, and steeplechase. Some of the teams that compete in these sports include the Olympic teams of various countries, NCAA Division I teams, high school teams, and club teams.
6004	what tennis tournament champion has the smallest career singles wins?	  The tennis tournament champion with the smallest career singles wins is Kim Clijsters. Clijsters won 41 singles titles during her career, the least of any Grand Slam singles champion.
6005	what radio program is the newest to be broadcast?	  This answer will depend on what type of radio program you are looking for. Different radio stations will have different programs that are broadcast at different times.
6006	sontarans is a place in what fictional universe?	  Sontarans are a fictional species in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
6007	the dosage form powder for injectable suspension is used by what drug formulations?	  The powder for injectable suspension dosage form is commonly used for antibiotics, hormones, and other injectable medications. Examples of drugs that use this dosage form include ceftriaxone, hydrocortisone, and heparin.
6008	what is the website status of the parent website that hosts http://www.blog.netgautam.com?	  The website status of the parent website that hosts http://www.blog.netgautam.com is active.
6009	which tournament event competition has 2011 estoril open tournament?	  The 2011 Estoril Open was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 17th edition of the Estoril Open, and was part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2011 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Estádio Nacional in Oeiras, Portugal, from April 25 through May 1, 2011.
6010	the measurement system of international system of units has which unit of moment of force?	  The measurement system of the International System of Units (SI) uses the newton-meter (N⋅m) as the unit of moment of force.
6011	2009-07-10 was the release date of which video game?	  The video game released on July 10, 2009 was The Sims 3.
6012	the subject asian american history is in what radio programs?	  Asian American history has been featured in many radio programs over the years. Some notable examples include NPR's Code Switch, PRI's The World, and the Asian American Life podcast. Additionally, many college and community radio stations have programs dedicated to exploring Asian American history and culture.
6013	find locomotives of class gwr 4073 class.	  The Great Western Railway (GWR) 4073 Class is a class of 4-6-0 steam locomotives. They were built between 1924 and 1928 at the GWR's Swindon Works and were designed by Charles Collett. The class was used for express passenger services on the GWR and its successor, British Railways. A total of 40 locomotives were built, all of which were withdrawn from service by 1964.
6014	the conference google i/o 2014 has a conference venue that is associated with what conference?	  The conference venue for Google I/O 2014 was the Moscone Center in San Francisco, California.
6015	what video game version have been released in wii/ds europe?	  The following Wii/DS games have been released in Europe:  - Mario Kart Wii - Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games - New Super Mario Bros. - Super Mario Galaxy - Super Mario Galaxy 2 - Mario Party 8 - Mario Party 9 - Mario Party 10 - Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games - Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games - Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games - Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story + Bowser Jr.'s Journey - Dr. Mario & Germ Buster - Mario & Luigi: Dream Team - Mario & Luigi: Paper Jam - Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga + Bowser's Minions - Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story - Mario & Luigi: Partners in Time - Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games - Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 - Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Beijing 2022
6016	in which measurement system, kilogram per square metre is the surface density unit?	  The kilogram per square metre is the surface density unit in the metric system.
6017	the quotations of what, then, is the true gospel of consistency? change. who is the really consistent man? the man who changes. since change is the law of his being, he cannot be consistent if he stick in a rut. is from which quotation subject?	  The quotation is from a work by Ralph Waldo Emerson, titled "Self-Reliance".
6018	what is the type of conference gamescom?	  Gamescom is an annual trade fair for video games held in Cologne, Germany. It is the world's largest trade fair for video games and related products.
6019	which unit of area is used in the same measurement system as ohm meter?	  Square meters (m2) are used in the International System of Units (SI), which is the same measurement system as the ohm meter.
6020	tranquill is a fictional species in which universe?	  Tranquill is a species of Pokémon in the Pokémon universe.
6021	what is the name of a role of someone associated with the holy cross priory, dalby?	  The role of someone associated with the Holy Cross Priory, Dalby is a monk.
6022	using amoxicillin for the treatment of pediatric autoimmune disorders associated with streptococcal infections which medical trial has the least number of expect total enrollment?	  The medical trial with the least number of expected total enrollment for the treatment of pediatric autoimmune disorders associated with streptococcal infections using amoxicillin is the “A Single-Arm, Open-Label Trial of Amoxicillin for the Treatment of Pediatric Autoimmune Disorders Associated with Streptococcal Infections” trial, which has an expected total enrollment of 10 participants.
6023	where is electronic entertainment expo 2014 being held?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) 2014 was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Los Angeles, California.
6024	what game can support celeron integers?	  Most modern video games should support Celeron processors, provided that the processor meets the minimum system requirements for the game. Some popular games that support Celeron processors include Fortnite, Minecraft, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Apex Legends, and Overwatch.
6025	the album pure grooves has what type of content?	  Pure Grooves is a compilation album of classic soul, funk, and disco music from the 1970s and 1980s.
6026	toee was designed by what designer?	  The Toee card game was designed by Richard Garfield, the creator of Magic: The Gathering.
6027	conservation fits into what radio broadcast genres?	  Conservation can fit into many radio broadcast genres, including public affairs, news and talk, and environmental programming.
6028	name a bipropellant rocket engine that has an expansion ratio of 119.8.	  The Aerojet Rocketdyne RL10A-4-2 bipropellant rocket engine has an expansion ratio of 119.8.
6029	video games with the rating of 7 can be found where?	  Video games with a rating of 7 can be found on various websites such as Metacritic, IGN, and GameSpot. You can also find them in stores such as GameStop, Best Buy, and Target.
6030	what internet protocol, deceloped by national center for supercomputer applications does the web browser use?	  The web browser uses the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP), developed by the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA).
6031	what channel access method has a child method of a channel access method with a parent method of packet mode multiple access?	  The child method of a channel access method with a parent method of packet mode multiple access is Carrier Sense Multiple Access with Collision Detection (CSMA/CD).
6032	on oct. the 10th, 1982, which radio program was broadcasted for the first time?	  The first episode of the popular radio program "This American Life" was broadcast on October 10, 1982.
6033	what unit has the smallest time in seconds?	  A nanosecond (ns) is the smallest unit of time in seconds, equal to one billionth (10^-9) of a second.
6034	western emperor belongs to what class?	  The Western Emperor is a fictional character in the manga series Naruto. There is no specific class associated with the Western Emperor.
6035	what constitutional amendment is proposed by the same proposer who proposed third amendment?	  The Fourth Amendment, which protects citizens against unreasonable searches and seizures.
6036	which browser was most recently released by the creators of esl?	  The most recently released browser by the creators of ESL is the ESL Browser.
6037	what is the musical recording was created by disney?	  Disney has released a variety of musical recordings over the years, ranging from soundtracks to original albums. Some of their most popular musical recordings include the soundtracks to Frozen, Moana, The Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, and Aladdin.
6038	cardiac arrest is the associated diseases or conditions of what medical specialty?	  Cardiac arrest is a medical emergency associated with cardiology, which is a medical specialty focused on the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of diseases and conditions of the heart and blood vessels.
6039	violent references is the description of which video game rating?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) rating for video games containing violent references is M (Mature).
6040	what's the parent genre of black humour?	  The parent genre of black humour is satire.
6041	ios app store supports which video game platform?	  The App Store does not support any video game platforms. It is a digital distribution platform for mobile apps on iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS.
6042	which president of the us was also the sibling of joseph kennedy, jr.?	  John F. Kennedy.
6043	which sports team plays wrestling?	  Wrestling is not typically considered a team sport, but there are some teams that practice and compete in the sport. Examples include high school and college wrestling teams, as well as independent wrestling clubs.
6044	what is the name of the video game expansion for heroquest?	  The expansion for HeroQuest is called Return of the Witch Lord.
6045	what measurement system measures resistance units as ohm?	  The International System of Units (SI) measures resistance units in ohms (Ω).
6046	galaxies with the same classification as elliptical galaxy m110 have what shape?	  Elliptical galaxies have an ellipsoidal shape.
6047	which region was the video game operation flashpoint released?	  Operation Flashpoint was released in Europe in 2001.
6048	which tv episode does akkara kazhchakal belong to?	  Akkara Kazhchakal is an Indian Malayalam comedy-drama film released in 2018. It does not have any TV episodes.
6049	2002 fifa world cup game versions are from which video game publisher?	  EA Sports is the video game publisher of the 2002 FIFA World Cup video game.
6050	the health authority for the most recent medical trial is who?	  The health authority responsible for the most recent medical trial will depend on the trial itself. It could be a local health authority, a national health authority, or an international health organization.
6051	in which country was the video game castlevania: the adventure rebirth released?	  Japan
6052	which roller coaster has a propulsion of powered?	  The Superman: Escape from Krypton roller coaster at Six Flags Magic Mountain in Valencia, California has a propulsion of powered launch.
6053	after 2008-07-08, which song was added to rock band?	  The song "Livin' on a Prayer" by Bon Jovi was added to Rock Band on 2008-07-08.
6054	legacy games is the publisher of what video game?	  Legacy Games is the publisher of the video game "Family Feud: Dream Home".
6055	the person who founded the union army balloon corps also founded which agencies?	  The person who founded the Union Army Balloon Corps was Thaddeus S. C. Lowe. He also founded the U.S. Signal Corps and the National Weather Service.
6056	which digital camera includes none wide focal length?	  Most digital cameras do not include a wide focal length lens. However, some cameras have a "super-wide" lens that can have a focal length of 14mm or less.
6057	which video game engine does proceed unreal engine 1?	  Procedural Unreal Engine 1 does not exist. Unreal Engine 1 was released in 1998 and was discontinued in 2012.
6058	what dimension is measured by a measuring instrument with a subclass of integrated electronic piezoelectric accelerometer?	  A measuring instrument with a subclass of integrated electronic piezoelectric accelerometer can measure acceleration (or the rate of change of velocity).
6059	1024.0 rate in bits per second corresponds to which unit of data transmission?	  This rate corresponds to a rate of 128 kilobytes per second (KB/s).
6060	how many comic book writers are also screenwriters?	  It is impossible to provide an exact answer to this question as there is no definitive list of comic book writers who are also screenwriters. However, many comic book writers have gone on to become successful screenwriters, such as Joss Whedon, Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, and Mark Millar.
6061	omniscient narrator and self are addressee's in which of the following quotes?	  The following quote does not use either an omniscient narrator or a self as an addressee: "Life is like a box of chocolates; you never know what you're going to get."
6062	how does swedish units of measurement measure length?	  Swedish units of measurement measure length in meters, kilometers, and decimeters. Meters are the most commonly used unit of measurement for length in Sweden, followed by kilometers and decimeters.
6063	in the floating point, what is the name for the volume unit?	  The volume unit in floating point is called a mantissa.
6064	what is the number of game expansions released by jane's combat simulations?	  Jane's Combat Simulations released a total of 18 game expansions.
6065	kilojoule per mole is a molar energy unit used by what measurement system?	  The kilojoule per mole is a molar energy unit used by the International System of Units (SI).
6066	name the grade level has the typical age (minimum) of 7?	  2nd grade
6067	the basel city casino hosted what conference?	  The Basel City Casino does not appear to have hosted any conferences.
6068	what type of mountain has a monogenetic volcanic field?	  A monogenetic volcanic field is typically found on a shield volcano.
6069	mount tarawera has how many different types?	  Tarawera has three different types:  1. Tarawera Volcanic Group 2. Tarawera Caldera 3. Tarawera Fault System
6070	shangri-la hotels & resorts owns which hotel brand?	  Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts owns the Shangri-La, Kerry, Traders, Hotel Jen, and Marco Polo Hotels brands.
6071	which unit of energy uses the same measurement system as kilograms per cubic meter?	  Joules per cubic meter (J/m^3)
6072	phineas pett was the designer of what ship?	  The SS Great Eastern, the world's first ocean-going, iron-hulled, steam-powered ship.
6073	1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin is equivalent to which unit of volumetric heat capacity?	  1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin is equivalent to 1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin per degree Celsius, which is the unit of volumetric heat capacity.
6074	what automobile make has the parent company founded by raymond mays?	  The automobile make is BRM (British Racing Motors), and the parent company was founded by Raymond Mays.
6075	what unit of the absorbed dose rate represents 1.0 grays per second?	  The unit of absorbed dose rate that represents 1.0 grays per second is 1.0 Gy/s.
6076	lidocaine/tetracaine is of what drug formulation?	  Lidocaine/tetracaine is a topical anesthetic combination drug formulation.
6077	in the finnish obsolete units of measurement, how many different units of length are there?	  There are four different units of length in the Finnish obsolete units of measurement:   1. Tuuma (tum) 2. Jalka (jk) 3. Maili (ml) 4. Toppi (tp)
6078	name the sports team that plays supercross.	  Monster Energy AMA Supercross.
6079	which cultural or natural site designation has a listing agency of countryside agency?	  The Peak District National Park in the United Kingdom has a listing agency of the Countryside Agency.
6080	which measurement system use jupiter mass as mass unit?	  The Jupiter Mass is typically used in the astronomical system of units, which is also known as the astronomical system of measurement.
6081	what is the name of an organism with a height larger than 1.6?	  Giraffe
6082	marygrove college has what mascot?	  The mascot of Marygrove College is the Mustang.
6083	czech language is spoken by what ethnicity?	  Czech is the official language of the Czech Republic, and it is spoken by the Czech people.
6084	12 is usually the age of students in what grade level?	  Grade 7.
6085	what measurement system has the pascal second as a viscosity unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) has the pascal second (Pa·s) as a unit of viscosity.
6086	submarine are subjects in which video game?	  Submarines are subjects in the video game series Silent Hunter.
6087	colony in space, episode three are featured in what multipart tv episodes?	  The Colony in Space episodes are part of the Doctor Who series. They are episodes three, four, five, and six of the eighth serial of the eighth season of Doctor Who.
6088	which rail gauge has a minimum width no less than 914.0?	  The standard gauge rail gauge has a minimum width of 1435 mm, or 56.5 inches, which is no less than 914.0 mm.
6089	what series of conferences are sponsored by king's college london?	  King's College London sponsors a variety of conferences, including the King's International Development Conference, the King's College London Global Health Conference, the King's College London International Relations Conference, the King's College London Law Conference, the King's College London Mental Health Conference, the King's College London Economics Conference, the King's College London Business Conference, and the King's College London Politics Conference.
6090	what tropical cyclone has the biggest total fatalities?	  The tropical cyclone with the highest total fatalities is Cyclone Nargis, which hit Myanmar (formerly Burma) in May 2008. The death toll from the storm was estimated to be over 138,000 people.
6091	salamander software published what version of a video game?	  Salamander Software published the video game "Touhou Kobuto V: Burst Battle" for the PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch in 2017.
6092	x1 released what video game versions through its platform?	  Steam has released thousands of video game versions through its platform, including popular titles such as Grand Theft Auto V, The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.
6093	what video game version came out the latest?	  The latest video game version depends on which game you are referring to.
6094	the composition that was the very first completed is called what?	  The first completed composition is often referred to as the "original composition."
6095	which collection activity shares a parent category with vertuni?	  The parent category shared by Vertuni and another collection activity is data collection.
6096	what measurement system uses reciprocal metre as unit of wavenumber?	  The wavenumber unit of reciprocal metre is used in the SI (International System of Units) measurement system.
6097	the eos 5d mark ii uses what type of uncompressed format?	  The EOS 5D Mark II uses a RAW image format, which is an uncompressed format.
6098	which plutoid has an orbital period less than 104094.0?	  The only plutoid with an orbital period less than 104094.0 is Eris, which has an orbital period of 55700.0 years.
6099	milestone inc. created how many video game compilations?	  Milestone Inc. has created over 100 video game compilations.
6100	the chromosome mt (human) chromosome is in what gene?	  The human mitochondrial (mt) genome contains 37 genes, including 13 protein-coding genes, 22 transfer RNA (tRNA) genes, and two ribosomal RNA (rRNA) genes.
6101	which rail gauge has the highest maximum width?	  The widest rail gauge is the Russian 1520mm gauge.
6102	what is the shortest recording by scarling.?	  The shortest recording by Scarling is "Goodnight", which clocks in at 1:39.
6103	what software conference does springsource sponsor?	  SpringOne Platform is the annual conference sponsored by Pivotal, the company behind SpringSource.
6104	who has the largest height out of the comic strip characters?	  The tallest comic strip character is believed to be Funky Winkerbean's Lisa Leann Winklebean, who stands at 8'6".
6105	which bipropellant rocket engine uses kerosene for fuel?	  The most common bipropellant rocket engine that uses kerosene for fuel is the Russian RD-180 engine. It is used in the Atlas V rocket and is a two-chamber design with a single turbopump.
6106	unreal engine 2 is the succeeding engine to what video game engine?	  Unreal Engine 2 is the succeeding engine to Unreal Engine 1, which was used to develop the original Unreal game in 1998.
6107	vietnam war are subjects in which video game?	  The Vietnam War has been the subject of several video games, including Call of Duty: Black Ops, Battlefield Vietnam, and Vietnam '65.
6108	series oktobertrek has what conference subject?	  OktoberTrek is a conference focused on exploring the latest trends in the tech industry and providing an opportunity for tech professionals to network, learn, and collaborate.
6109	hugh o'brian youth leadership foundation sponsors what youth leadership development series?	  The Hugh O'Brian Youth Leadership (HOBY) Leadership Development Series is an annual four-day program that provides high school sophomores with the opportunity to develop their leadership skills, learn about the importance of community service, and create lasting friendships with their peers.
6110	which functions are supported by the rocket with the earliest last flight?	  The earliest rocket with a last flight was the Saturn V, which was used to launch the Apollo 11 mission in 1969. This rocket was capable of carrying payloads of up to 118,000 pounds and could reach speeds of up to 24,000 miles per hour. It was equipped with a powerful F-1 engine and was designed to support missions to the Moon and beyond. It supported a variety of functions, including:   -Lifting heavy payloads into orbit -Navigating and controlling spacecraft in space -Propulsion and attitude control -Communication and data transmission -Guidance and navigation -In-flight monitoring and control -On-board instrumentation and data processing -Re-entry and landing support
6111	the international system of units uses which unit of electric charge density?	  The international system of units (SI) uses the coulomb per cubic meter (C/m3) as the unit of electric charge density.
6112	what is the unit of luminous flux in international system of units?	  The unit of luminous flux in the International System of Units (SI) is the lumen (lm).
6113	who is responsible for appointing members to office of the vice president of the united states?	  The President of the United States is responsible for appointing the Vice President of the United States.
6114	what style of beer is made from hops similar to centennial?	  IPA (India Pale Ale).
6115	an exposure unit of coulomb per kilogram is part of which measurement system?	  The exposure unit of coulomb per kilogram is part of the metric system.
6116	what fictional universe has a character called aldean?	  The fictional universe of the video game series Fire Emblem has a character named Aldean.
6117	what are the video games developed by tiara?	  Tiara does not appear to have developed any video games.
6118	thomas guppy was the designer of what ship?	  Thomas Guppy designed the HMS Beagle, the ship famously captained by Robert FitzRoy on its voyage of exploration around the world from 1831 to 1836.
6119	which is the unit of volumetric flow rate in international system of units?	  The unit of volumetric flow rate in the International System of Units (SI) is cubic meters per second (m3/s).
6120	the belém to cascais railway has how many railway terminus?	  The Belém to Cascais Railway has two railway termini: Belém and Cascais.
6121	which video games was supported by prototype?	  Prototype was a 2009 open-world action-adventure video game developed by Radical Entertainment for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. It was published by Activision.
6122	what video game engine preceded ue2?	  The Unreal Engine 1 (UE1) preceded Unreal Engine 2 (UE2).
6123	what video game versions are available from tgc - the games company gmbh?	  TGC - The Games Company GmbH offers a wide variety of video games across multiple platforms, including PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and mobile. Some of their most popular titles include:   - The Crew 2 - Anno 1800 - Far Cry 5 - Just Dance 2020 - Assassin's Creed Odyssey - Tom Clancy's The Division 2 - Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege - Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands - Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus - Tom Clancy's The Division - Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Breakpoint - Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Blacklist - Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 - Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent - Tom Clancy's EndWar - Tom Clancy's H.A.W.X. 2 - Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Soldier - Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six 3 - Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2
6124	the artwork purchased with the deutsche mark is owned by whom?	  The artwork purchased with the Deutsche Mark is owned by the person or entity who purchased it.
6125	what fictional creature does the character species of colleen have?	  Colleen's species is a Nohrin, which is a humanoid alien race from the fictional universe of the video game Xenoblade Chronicles.
6126	how-to is the focus of what conference event?	  A conference event focused on how-to would likely be a "how-to workshop" or a "how-to seminar".
6127	can i have a list of clover shaped, manufactured drugs?	  1. Paroxetine (Paxil) 2. Clonazepam (Klonopin) 3. Aripiprazole (Abilify) 4. Sertraline (Zoloft) 5. Escitalopram (Lexapro) 6. Venlafaxine (Effexor) 7. Fluoxetine (Prozac) 8. Olanzapine (Zyprexa) 9. Quetiapine (Seroquel) 10. Lamotrigine (Lamictal)
6128	the dry mass of which rocket engine is 2320.0 ?	  The rocket engine in question is not specified, so it is not possible to answer this question.
6129	the loreto college coorparoo is classified as what type of school?	  Loreto College Coorparoo is classified as a Catholic secondary school.
6130	liposarcoma is the associated diseases or conditions of what medical specialty?	  Liposarcoma is a type of soft tissue sarcoma, which is a type of cancer that affects the connective tissues of the body. It is treated by specialists in medical oncology, surgical oncology, and radiation oncology.
6131	which video game version is distributed through konami digital entertainment co., ltd?	  Konami Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd. distributes a variety of video game titles, including the Metal Gear, Pro Evolution Soccer, and Castlevania series.
6132	which astronaut is from the same ethnic group as sean mcnamara?	  There is no known astronaut with the same ethnic background as Sean McNamara.
6133	rohan shand is given credit in which tv episodes as a producer?	  Rohan Shand is credited as a producer on the British television series "The Dumping Ground" (2013-present).
6134	what football match had 51750 people attend?	  The 2019 Copa Libertadores Final between River Plate and Flamengo, which was held at the Estadio Monumental in Buenos Aires, Argentina, had a reported attendance of 51,750 people.
6135	what kind of content does the 20 suosikkia: rakkauden katse contain?	  The 20 suosikkia: rakkauden katse album contains a collection of romantic love songs in Finnish.
6136	in atomic units, what unit is used to measure mass?	  The atomic mass unit (amu) is used to measure mass in atomic units.
6137	international system of units uses which unit for volumetric heat capacity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule per kelvin (J/K) as the unit for volumetric heat capacity.
6138	in international system of units, what is the unit of luminous flux?	  The unit of luminous flux is the lumen (lm).
6139	pascal is the subject of which written work?	  The most famous written work about Pascal is Blaise Pascal's Pensées, a collection of philosophical fragments, notes, and essays.
6140	caves is the subject of which tv episodes?	  The television series "Cavemen" features episodes about the lives of modern-day cavemen.
6141	playboy enterprises, inc. v. welles are the cases of what judge?	  This case was heard by the United States District Court for the Central District of California.
6142	which unit is the si base unit of the j?	  The SI base unit of mass is the kilogram (kg).
6143	what theater has the largest seating capacity?	  The Gershwin Theatre in New York City has the largest seating capacity of any theater in the world, with 1,933 seats.
6144	which bipropellant rocket engine has the largest chamber pressure and is fueled by ammonia?	  The Aerojet Rocketdyne RL10A-4-2 bipropellant rocket engine has the largest chamber pressure and is fueled by ammonia.
6145	the potential in volt of 1.0 is for which unit of potential?	  The potential in volt of 1.0 is for the unit of Volts (V).
6146	what do you call the top level domain that is a top level domain registry having a status of inactive, but still in root?	  A dormant top-level domain (TLD).
6147	what is the measure for a unit of density used in the same measurement system as kilometre per hour as a measure of speed?	  The measure for a unit of density used in the same measurement system as kilometre per hour is kilogram per cubic metre (kg/m^3).
6148	what is the latest released computer emulator developed in java language?	  The latest released computer emulator developed in Java language is JPC. It is a Java-based x86 PC emulator that allows software and operating systems designed for the x86 architecture to be executed on any computer running a Java Virtual Machine.
6149	which measurement system use planetary mass as mass unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the kilogram as the unit of mass.
6150	the luminous flux units of lumens is in which measurement system?	  The luminous flux unit of lumens is in the International System of Units (SI).
6151	what video game bear the soundtracks of final fantasy xiii: original soundtrack?	  Final Fantasy XIII.
6152	amiga has what video games?	  Amiga had a wide range of classic video games, including popular titles such as Lemmings, The Settlers, Sensible Soccer, Cannon Fodder, Syndicate, Shadow of the Beast, Turrican, Speedball, and many more.
6153	which class does mark vii monorail orange belong to?	  Mark VII Monorail Orange belongs to the Monorail Class.
6154	what school newspaper deals with the same content as south jersey times?	  The South Jersey Times is a daily newspaper that covers news and events in South Jersey, so the school newspaper that covers the same content would be the South Jersey High School Times.
6155	captain yuvraj singh's sports team is owned by whom?	  Yuvraj Singh's sports team is owned by YouWeCan Ventures, a company founded by Yuvraj Singh himself.
6156	what conference series does google inc. sponsor?	  Google sponsors a number of different conference series, including Google I/O, Google Developer Days, Google Cloud Next, and Google Cloud Platform Live.
6157	who won the sports league award in the nba all-star game most valuable player award soccer league?	  The NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award is not awarded to a soccer league.
6158	what is the non-si units mentioned in the si unit of plane angle?	  The non-SI units mentioned in the SI unit of plane angle are degrees (°), minutes (′), and seconds (″).
6159	what measurement system uses cumecs as the unit of volumetric flow rate?	  The metric system uses cumecs (cubic metres per second) as the unit of volumetric flow rate.
6160	what is the content of the jamieross.co.uk monthly mix podcast - podcast feed?	  The Jamie Ross Co. UK Monthly Mix Podcast is a monthly podcast featuring new and upcoming music from around the world. Each episode features a selection of music from a variety of genres, including pop, hip-hop, electronic, and more. The podcast also includes interviews with artists and producers, as well as reviews and news from the music industry.
6161	"birth of modern science" with george gale is about what subject?	  The birth of modern science with George Gale is about the history of science from the 17th century to the present day. It covers topics such as the scientific revolution, the Enlightenment, the Industrial Revolution, the development of modern physics, and the rise of modern biology.
6162	bubble bobble was developed by whom?	  Bubble Bobble was developed by Taito Corporation, a Japanese video game company.
6163	shell lubricants products is partners with what organizations?	  Shell Lubricants is a partner of several organizations, including the Automotive Aftermarket Suppliers Association (AASA), the Automotive Parts Remanufacturers Association (APRA), the National Association of Fleet Administrators (NAFA), the American Trucking Associations (ATA), and the National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence (ASE).
6164	greg beatty contributed to a book edition from what publisher?	  Greg Beatty contributed to a book edition from the University of Pittsburgh Press.
6165	the measurement system international system of units uses which unit for specific energy?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule (J) as the unit of specific energy.
6166	what is the name of the recipe that utilizes the stand mixer?	  The most common recipe that utilizes a stand mixer is cake batter, but there are many other recipes that can be made with a stand mixer, including bread dough, mashed potatoes, frosting, and even pasta dough.
6167	how many spacecrafts did smithsonian astrophysical observatory and lockheed martin advanced technology center manufacture?	  Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory and Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center have not manufactured any spacecrafts.
6168	the genre for pdf format contains what other file format?	  PDF files can contain other file formats such as images, audio, video, and text documents.
6169	what is the name of the drug administration route has drug formulations including octinoxate, titanium dioxide 0.075/0.012 lotion?	  The drug administration route is topical, and the drug formulation is Octinoxate/Titanium Dioxide 0.075/0.012 Lotion.
6170	hamburger bun can be compatible with which dietary restriction?	  A hamburger bun can be compatible with many dietary restrictions, including vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free, dairy-free, and nut-free.
6171	measuring instrument that has subclasses including piga accelerometer has what dimension?	  The dimension of a piezoelectric accelerometer is typically acceleration, measured in units of meters per second squared (m/s2).
6172	what fictional universe has a character called lampent?	  The Pokémon universe. Lampent is a Ghost/Fire-type Pokémon introduced in Generation V.
6173	what unit of molar volume has the volume in cubic meters per mole of 1.0	  The unit of molar volume is cubic meters per mole (m^3/mol). Therefore, the molar volume of 1.0 is 1.0 m^3/mol.
6174	which unit of dose equivalence has the equivalence in sieverts of 1.0?	  The unit of dose equivalence that has an equivalence in sieverts of 1.0 is the gray (Gy).
6175	how many railway terminus is terminuses of cumbres and toltec scenic railroad?	  There is only one railway terminus for the Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad, located in Chama, New Mexico.
6176	someone who founded oss also founded what government agency?	  There is no single answer to this question as it depends on the individual who founded the open source software.
6177	what does international system of units measure?	  The International System of Units (SI) is the modern form of the metric system and is the most widely used system of measurement. It is used to measure length, mass, time, temperature, electric current, luminous intensity, amount of substance, and other physical quantities.
6178	what is the measurement system for the unit of acceleration with volumetric heat capacity units joule per cubic metre per kelvin ?	  The measurement system for the unit of acceleration with volumetric heat capacity units joule per cubic metre per kelvin is metres per second squared (m/s2).
6179	cumbres and toltec scenic railroad is on the rail network named what?	  The Cumbres & Toltec Scenic Railroad is on the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad network.
6180	micro per degree c is an inverse temperature unit of what system of measurement?	  The microper degree c is an inverse temperature unit of the Kelvin temperature scale.
6181	find rail gauges whose locomotive class is british rail class 50.	  The British Rail Class 50 locomotives ran on the standard British Rail gauge of 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in).
6182	a variant of atmega64a is in what computer processor family?	  The Atmega64A is part of the Atmel AVR microcontroller family.
6183	what unit of magnetic field strength, strength in amperes per meter is no more than 1.0?	  Millitesla (mT).
6184	what musical soundtrack had the earliest initial release?	  The earliest initial release of a musical soundtrack is believed to be the music from the 1927 silent film "The Jazz Singer," which featured the song "Dirty Hands, Dirty Face" by Al Jolson.
6185	joint bi-level image experts group has the same genre as what file format?	  JPEG.
6186	which person has the gender of other?	  No one has the gender of "other". Gender is typically defined as either male or female.
6187	what is the version of video game that was developed by the same developer as hacker ii: the doomsday papers?	  The original version of Hacker II: The Doomsday Papers was developed by Activision for the Apple II, Commodore 64, and Atari 8-bit systems.
6188	what frequency has 1.0 radians per second?	  1.0 radians per second is equivalent to 1.0 hertz (Hz).
6189	which of unit of force is largest in terms of newton?	  The largest unit of force in terms of newton is the kilonewton (kN), which is equal to 1,000 newtons (N).
6190	name of the video game platform that is in the family of ps1?	  The PlayStation One (PS1) is part of the PlayStation family of video game consoles.
6191	what kind of measurement is 1.0 strength in volts per meter ?	  1.0 strength in volts per meter is an electrical measurement.
6192	what was the radio episode that was about the questioning the millennium: a rationalist's guide to a precisely arbitrary countdown?	  The episode was called "The Millennium: A Rationalist's Guide to a Precisely Arbitrary Countdown" and it aired on the BBC Radio 4 program "The Infinite Monkey Cage" in December 1999.
6193	non-si units mentioned in the si uses what as its unit of volume?	  The SI uses the cubic meter (m3) as its unit of volume.
6194	name the sports team that plays gaelic football.	  The Dublin GAA team.
6195	which geographical scope belongs to the conference series which is the subject of information systems security?	  The geographical scope of the Conference on Information Systems Security (CISS) is global.
6196	which tournament events did competitors from the united states win a gold medal?	  1. Men's Basketball at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics  2. Women's Soccer at the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup  3. Men's Freestyle Wrestling at the 2016 Rio Olympics  4. Women's Beach Volleyball at the 2012 London Olympics  5. Men's Water Polo at the 2008 Beijing Olympics  6. Women's Softball at the 2004 Athens Olympics  7. Men's Basketball at the 2000 Sydney Olympics  8. Women's Soccer at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics  9. Men's Volleyball at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics  10. Women's Basketball at the 1988 Seoul Olympics
6197	110.0 is the horsepower for what engine?	  This question cannot be answered without more information.
6198	what video game engine did id software develop?	  ID Software developed the id Tech game engine.
6199	which railway has a length of 20.65?	  There is no specific railway that has a length of 20.65.
6200	which video game platform has the games toee?	  ToEE (Temple of Elemental Evil) is available on PC and Mac.
6201	the potential in volts is 1.0 for which unit of potential?	  Volts
6202	which is used as the unit of volume in the measurement system with joule per mole per kelvin?	  The unit of volume in the measurement system with joule per mole per kelvin is the cubic meter (m3).
6203	san jose convention center hosted which conference?	  The San Jose Convention Center has hosted a variety of conferences and events, including the TechCrunch Disrupt San Francisco, the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference, the Game Developers Conference, the International Consumer Electronics Show, the RSA Conference, Adobe MAX, the Intel Developer Forum, and the Silicon Valley Comic Con.
6204	how many books are written by andrew nelson in english-japanese?	  Andrew Nelson has not written any books in English-Japanese.
6205	kilometres per second is the speed unit in which measurement system?	  Kilometres per second is a unit in the International System of Units (SI).
6206	the ique platform has which video game version released?	  The iQue platform has released the Nintendo 64 version of the game.
6207	which business operation's major customer is five9 inc.?	  Five9 Inc. provides cloud contact center solutions for businesses of all sizes. Their major customers include Uber, Microsoft, Salesforce, Oracle, and many more.
6208	what recipe requires at most 15.0 to make and uses 12.0 of the ingredient?	  One possible recipe that requires at most 15.0 of an ingredient and uses 12.0 of it is a simple chocolate chip cookie recipe.  Ingredients: - 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour - 1 teaspoon baking soda - 1 teaspoon salt - 1 cup (2 sticks) butter, softened - 3/4 cup granulated sugar - 3/4 cup packed brown sugar - 1 teaspoon vanilla extract - 2 large eggs - 12.0 ounces semi-sweet chocolate chips  Instructions:  1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. 2. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, and salt; set aside. 3. In a large bowl, beat the butter with an electric mixer on medium to high speed for 30 seconds. Add the granulated sugar, brown sugar, and vanilla extract; beat until combined. Beat in the eggs until combined. 4. Gradually beat in the flour mixture until just combined. Stir in the chocolate chips. 5. Drop dough by rounded teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. 6. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Cool on cookie sheets for 2 minutes; remove to wire racks to cool completely.
6209	international system of units uses what as it's unit of resistance?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the ohm (Ω) as its unit of resistance.
6210	what measurement system includes a measure of radiance in square miles?	  The International System of Units (SI) includes a measure of radiance in square metres (m2).
6211	what rail network does willunga railway line belong to?	  The Willunga Railway Line belongs to the Adelaide Metro Rail Network in South Australia.
6212	who was the person who penciled the swiped from dimension x comic book?	  The penciler of the Swiped from Dimension X comic book was David Lapham.
6213	what is the earliest football match which had a goal after 92 minutes?	  The earliest football match with a goal scored in the 92nd minute or later is believed to be a Premier League match between Manchester City and Blackburn Rovers on April 13, 1997. The match ended in a 2-2 draw, with Manchester City's Steve Lomas scoring the equalizer in the 93rd minute.
6214	what units of energy belong to the same measurement system as celsius?	  Joules
6215	how many different types of computers can run tv5?	  There are no specific types of computers that are required to run TV5. Any computer with an internet connection and a compatible web browser should be able to access the TV5 streaming service.
6216	how many active websites does simply hired, inc. own?	  Simply Hired, Inc. does not own any active websites. It is a job search engine that aggregates job listings from other websites.
6217	in what measurement system watt per meter per kelvin is the thermal conductivity unit?	  Thermal conductivity is typically measured in watts per meter per Kelvin (W/mK) in the SI (metric) system of units.
6218	what exhibition has the same exhibition curator with snowclones?	  The exhibition "Snowclones: A Visual Exploration of Language and Identity" was curated by the same exhibition curator, Elizabeth McClellan.
6219	what subatomic particle is part of the same family of particles as the bottom quark?	  The bottom quark is a type of quark, so other quarks in the same family include the up quark, the down quark, the charm quark, and the strange quark.
6220	the maximum percent of new oak is had by which wine?	  This depends on the type of wine. Generally, wines aged in oak barrels will have between 10-100% new oak. However, some wines, such as Cabernet Sauvignon, may have up to 100% new oak, while others, such as Pinot Noir, may have as little as 10%.
6221	what ship builder built uss hornet?	  The USS Hornet was built by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company in Newport News, Virginia.
6222	what shape is the kjølnes lighthouse?	  The Kjølnes Lighthouse is a cylindrical tower with a conical roof.
6223	which unit of time has the smallest time in seconds?	  The smallest unit of time in seconds is a millisecond, which is equal to 0.001 seconds.
6224	what other professional sports team shares the same location as the israel men's national water polo team?	  The Maccabi Tel Aviv Basketball Club shares the same location as the Israel Men's National Water Polo Team.
6225	pathogenic bacteria causes what infectious disease?	  Pathogenic bacteria can cause a wide range of infectious diseases, including pneumonia, meningitis, tuberculosis, food poisoning, and urinary tract infections.
6226	which measurement system uses an irradiance unit of watt per square metre?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses an irradiance unit of watt per square metre (W/m^2).
6227	the source mtime of 1171812619 belongs to which gene ontology data source?	  The source mtime of 1171812619 belongs to the Gene Ontology Consortium data source.
6228	what radio episode segment has a episode the connection with stephen jay gould?	  The episode segment that has a connection with Stephen Jay Gould is the episode "The Evolutionary Perspective" from the NPR Radio series Radiolab.
6229	human genome build 36.2 is the creation of who?	  The Human Genome Project, an international research effort involving scientists from around the world, created the human genome build 36.2.
6230	which radio format does the station which broadcasts speaking for everyman: ian mckellen celebrates shakespeare's birthday. utilize?	  The station likely utilizes a talk radio format.
6231	which cheese is from mexican and spain?	  The most popular cheese from Mexico is queso fresco, while the most popular cheese from Spain is Manchego.
6232	what data transmission unit rate is the si base unit of data transfer rates?	  The SI base unit of data transfer rates is the bit per second (bps).
6233	which exhibtions were curated by the same person who curated johannes vermeer?	  The following exhibitions were curated by the same person who curated Johannes Vermeer:  1. Rembrandt and the Dutch Golden Age (2017) 2. Vermeer and the Masters of Genre Painting (2009) 3. Dutch Portraiture in the Golden Age (2016) 4. Dutch and Flemish Masters from the Royal Collection (2015) 5. Dutch and Flemish Masters from the Hermitage (2014) 6. Dutch and Flemish Masters from the Prado (2013) 7. Dutch and Flemish Masters from the Louvre (2012) 8. Dutch and Flemish Masters from the Rijksmuseum (2011) 9. The Golden Age of Dutch Painting (2010)
6234	what video game company published pixeljunk racer?	  PixelJunk Racer was published by Q-Games.
6235	what is the aviation incident of f-15e?	  The F-15E Strike Eagle is an all-weather multirole fighter jet which has been involved in several aviation incidents over the years. The most notable incidents involving the F-15E include the crash of a U.S. Air Force F-15E in Libya in 2011, the crash of a Royal Saudi Air Force F-15E in Yemen in 2015, and the crash of a U.S. Air Force F-15E in the United Arab Emirates in 2019.
6236	what is the video game that has the same game engine as escavatrix engine?	  The game that uses the same game engine as Escavatrix is called "The Escapist 2".
6237	what tournament have 14 events?	  The Grand Slam of Golf is a professional golf tournament that features 14 events.
6238	what poem has a doha verse form?	  One example of a poem written in the Doha verse form is the poem "The Doha of the Soul" by Kabir:  My soul is a river, I am its shore, My body is a boat, I sail evermore. My heart is a mirror, reflecting the moon, My spirit is the breeze, stirring up the dune.  My mind is a temple, a sacred space, My breath is a prayer, I offer with grace. My eyes are a window, gazing out to sea, My thoughts are a bridge, connecting me to Thee.
6239	lek pharmaceuticals manufactures a drug with what shape?	  There is no single answer to this question as the shape of a drug depends on the formulation and type of drug. Some common shapes of pharmaceutical drugs include tablets, capsules, pills, patches, and liquids.
6240	name the work of writing which is included in the last rune.	  The last rune is the Rune of Writing. This is a form of creative writing that is often used to tell stories or express feelings. It is a form of self-expression that can be used to explore different ideas and perspectives.
6241	name a street foods dish?	  Tacos.
6242	what expansions exist on the playstation 4 for video games?	  Some of the most popular PlayStation 4 game expansions include:  1. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition 2. Fallout 4: Far Harbor 3. Destiny: The Taken King 4. Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Zombies Chronicles 5. Battlefield 1: They Shall Not Pass 6. Uncharted 4: A Thief's End - The Lost Legacy 7. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine 8. Grand Theft Auto V: The Doomsday Heist 9. No Man's Sky: NEXT 10. The Last of Us Remastered - Left Behind
6243	which measurement system has the illuminance units of lux?	  The International System of Units (SI) measurement system has the illuminance unit of lux.
6244	games developed by crafts & meister and distributed through physical media released where?	  Crafts & Meister games have been released in Japan, Europe, and North America.
6245	which quotation subject has the quotations of the only thing grief as taught me is to know how shallow it is.?	  "The Only Thing Grief Has Taught Me Is to Know How Shallow It Is" by Marya Hornbacher.
6246	where can i locate a digital camera with the specific 21.0 sensor?	  You can find digital cameras with a 21.0 sensor at many major retailers and online stores, such as Amazon, Best Buy, B&H Photo, and Adorama.
6247	what is the quantity of film characters that are stunfisk?	  There is only one film character that is a Stunfisk, and that is the character of Stunfisk in the 2019 animated film Pokémon: Mewtwo Strikes Back—Evolution.
6248	what professional conference is sponsored by martin kulov @ kulov.net?	  Martin Kulov does not appear to sponsor any professional conferences.
6249	damon kirkham was the producer of which musical recording?	  Damon Kirkham produced the musical recording "The Dark Side of the Moon" by Pink Floyd.
6250	what tld registry registered druknet?	  The .bt top-level domain (TLD) is registered with the Ministry of Economic Affairs and Communications of Bhutan.
6251	for which unit of energy, energy in joules per mole is 1.0?	  The unit of energy in joules per mole is the kilojoule per mole (kJ/mol).
6252	which broadcast radio program was featured most recently?	  It is impossible to answer this question without knowing more information about the radio program in question.
6253	what's the unit of energy of the measurement system whose heat capacity unit is joule per kelvin?	  The unit of energy in the system whose heat capacity unit is joule per kelvin is Joule (J).
6254	the flying dutchman has children of which organism?	  The Flying Dutchman does not have children.
6255	mount konocti has how many types?	  Konocti has two types: the Konocti Shield Volcano and the Konocti Pumice Cone.
6256	聖剣伝説２ original sound version is the soundtrack of what video game?	  The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past.
6257	find all film editor with weight over 95.3	  SELECT *  FROM FilmEditor  WHERE Weight > 95.3;
6258	someone who founded royal navy also founded what government agency?	  The government agency founded by the founder of the Royal Navy would be the British Admiralty.
6259	what is the beaufort wind force for deep depression (imd)?	  The Beaufort Wind Force for a deep depression (IMD) is Force 11, which is equivalent to a violent storm with winds of 64-72 knots (74-83 mph).
6260	what asteroid is part of hygiea family?	  The largest asteroid in the Hygiea family is 4 Vesta.
6261	what game did lego star wars follow?	  Lego Star Wars followed the story of the Star Wars prequel trilogy (Episodes I-III) and the original trilogy (Episodes IV-VI).
6262	scott pilgrim's finest hour is which comic book issue's next issue?	  Scott Pilgrim's Finest Hour is the sixth and final volume in the Scott Pilgrim series. The next issue would be the seventh and final issue of the series.
6263	eternal cities is an example of which fictional setting?	  Eternal Cities is a fictional setting created by author Clifford Beers for his fantasy novel series of the same name.
6264	where can i find video games with the rating of uk: 15?	  You can find video games with the rating of UK: 15 at any major video game retailer, such as GameStop, Amazon, Best Buy, or Walmart.
6265	how many organism classifications are there at the domain rank?	  There are three organism classifications at the domain rank: Bacteria, Archaea, and Eukarya.
6266	what is the unit of amount of substance in international system of units?	  The unit of amount of substance in the International System of Units (SI) is the mole (symbol: mol).
6267	the game with the soundtrack panzer dragoon ii zwei original soundtrack had how many designers?	  Panzer Dragoon II Zwei was developed by Team Andromeda and published by Sega, so it had two designers.
6268	the track of the best of the eighties: forty tracks, original hits with a recording length longer than 163.866 is from what musical recording?	  The best of the eighties is a compilation album featuring a variety of popular songs from the 1980s. It includes hits from artists such as Michael Jackson, Madonna, Prince, Cyndi Lauper, Duran Duran, and many more.
6269	name the video game compilation which includes super ghouls 'n ghosts.	  The game compilation is called Capcom Classics Collection.
6270	what is the musical recording was created by style misia?	  The musical recording created by Misia is entitled "Misia no Mori e."
6271	which unit of specific energy has energy in joules per kilogram no greater than 0.001?	  Millijoules per kilogram (mJ/kg)
6272	1958 was the date of which radio program that had a final broadcast?	  The Quiz Kids Radio Program had its final broadcast on August 31, 1958.
6273	what type of fictional setting is the setting type of a fictional setting of a gotham tale, part one - gargoyles?	  Gothic Fantasy
6274	what is the event that shares the conference venue associated with electronic entertainment expo 2009?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) 2009 was held at the Los Angeles Convention Center.
6275	what is the lake that has the largest catchment area?	  The Lake Victoria Basin has the largest catchment area, covering an estimated area of 3.9 million square kilometers.
6276	1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin equals what unit of volumetric heat capacity?	  1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin is equal to 1.0 J/m³·K, which is the same as 1.0 joule per cubic meter per degree Kelvin, or 1.0 J/m³·°K. This is the unit of volumetric heat capacity.
6277	in which measurement system is magnetic flux density measured in tesla?	  Magnetic flux density is measured in teslas in the SI system (also known as the metric system).
6278	yume 2kki was influenced by which video games?	  Yume 2kki was heavily influenced by the classic Japanese RPG series Mother (also known as Earthbound) and the Harvest Moon series. It also draws inspiration from other classic video games like The Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy, and Chrono Trigger.
6279	what measurement system has a data rate unit of bit per second?	  The International System of Units (SI) has a data rate unit of bits per second (bps).
6280	bonneville international own what tv station?	  Bonneville International owns a number of radio stations in the United States, but it does not own any television stations.
6281	name the sports team that plays field lacrosse.	  The National Lacrosse League (NLL) features professional field lacrosse teams from across North America. Some of the teams include the Buffalo Bandits, Calgary Roughnecks, Colorado Mammoth, Georgia Swarm, New England Black Wolves, Philadelphia Wings, Rochester Knighthawks, San Diego Seals, Toronto Rock, and Vancouver Warriors.
6282	the species of qilin is the species of which fictional character?	  The qilin is a mythical creature found in Chinese mythology. It is often depicted as a chimerical creature with the head of a dragon, the hooves of a horse, and the body of a deer. It is sometimes referred to as a "Chinese unicorn."
6283	which meteorite's mass is less than or equal to 4240.0?	  The NWA 869 meteorite has a mass of 4240.0 grams.
6284	in which measurement system is watt per square metre the irradiance unit?	  Watt per square metre is a unit of irradiance in the SI (International System of Units) measurement system.
6285	the video game c&c renegade has what soundtrack?	  The soundtrack for Command & Conquer: Renegade was composed by Frank Klepacki.
6286	who owns wbva?	  WBVA is owned by Max Media LLC, a radio broadcasting company based in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
6287	commerce is a game of skill which everyone cannot play and few can play well. is a quote from what subject?	  This quote is often attributed to the business of e-commerce.
6288	which inverse temperature unit utilizes the measurement system with exposure units of coulomb per kilogram?	  The Gray per kilogram (Gy/kg) is the inverse temperature unit that utilizes the measurement system with exposure units of coulomb per kilogram (C/kg).
6289	which conference series is sponsored by martin kulov @ kulov.net, and is also a type of professional conference?	  There is no conference series sponsored by Martin Kulov at kulov.net.
6290	in startalk live! a night at the neptune theatre (part 2), what radio program is there?	  The radio program is StarTalk Live! hosted by astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson.
6291	which unit of conductance has smaller than or equal to 0.001 conductance in siemens?	  millisiemens (mS)
6292	what politician has a favorite freebase topic of portsmouth maritime folk festival?	  It is not known which politician has a favorite Freebase topic of Portsmouth Maritime Folk Festival.
6293	what is the hotel grading authority that awards golden sand?	  The Golden Sand Award is given by the International Hotel & Restaurant Association (IH&RA).
6294	which profession has the corresponding type basketball player?	  Athlete
6295	square meter is a measure of radiance in what measurement system?	  The radiance of a square meter is measured in watts per square meter (W/m²).
6296	trump shuttle is the iata airline designator for what airline?	  There is no airline associated with the IATA code "SHUTTLE."
6297	in the international system of units system of measurement, what units are used for angular acceleration?	  Angular acceleration is typically measured in radians per second squared (rad/s2).
6298	what compositions are in the catalan language?	  Some notable compositions in the Catalan language include:  1. "Cançó d'amor i de guerra" by Salvador Espriu 2. "L'estaca" by Lluís Llach 3. "Cant de la Senyera" by Amadeu Vives 4. "La Balanguera" by Joan Maragall 5. "La Mare de Déu de Montserrat" by Antoni Parera Fons 6. "El Cant dels Ocells" by Pau Casals 7. "L'emigrant" by Josep Maria de Segarra 8. "La Santa Espina" by Frederic Mompou 9. "Ai, Viure" by Maria del Mar Bonet 10. "L'Estelada" by Lluís Llach
6299	coulomb per square metre is the electric flux density unit in which measurement system?	  The electric flux density unit of coulomb per square metre is part of the International System of Units (SI).
6300	rayman is the version of which video game?	  Rayman is a platform video game series created by Ubisoft. The first game in the series, Rayman, was released in 1995.
6301	which sports team uses austin ice bat as mascot?	  The Austin Ice Bats were a minor league professional ice hockey team based in Austin, Texas, that played in the Central Hockey League from 1996 to 2008.
6302	what type of cricket match has 1 innings per team?	  A One Day International (ODI) cricket match has one innings per team.
6303	what's the name of the radio episode about the moby-dick?	  The episode is called "Moby Dick: A Radio Dramatization" and was produced by L.A. Theatre Works.
6304	ampere per metre is the unit of magnetic field strength included in which measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
6305	the website with api access to nopaypoker is owned by whom?	  NoPayPoker is owned by NoPayPoker, LLC.
6306	csedu 2010 belongs to what conference subject?	  The 2010 International Conference on Computer Science and Education (CSEDU 2010) focuses on topics related to computer science and education, such as artificial intelligence, computer networks, software engineering, and educational technologies.
6307	gold laundering is the subject of which legal case?	  The United States v. Prevezon Holdings Ltd. was a civil forfeiture case in which the U.S. government alleged that Prevezon Holdings Ltd. and other entities laundered the proceeds of a $230 million Russian tax fraud scheme through the purchase of real estate in New York City.
6308	the pressure units of bar are a part of which measurement system?	  The pressure units of bar are a part of the International System of Units (SI).
6309	what adaptation is adapted from an adapted work which is an adaptation of west side story?	  The musical "Romeo and Bernadette" is an adaptation of West Side Story.
6310	which is the galactic interaction type of ngc 4567?	  NGC 4567 is an interacting galaxy system that is classified as a "minor merger."
6311	what's the camera uncompressed format of olympus e-300?	  The Olympus E-300 uses the RAW format, which is an uncompressed format.
6312	what type of video game engine does cpma use?	  CPMA (Challenge Pro Mode Arena) uses the Quake 3 engine.
6313	snowstrike was developed by whom?	  Snowstrike was developed by independent game developer, Peter Hirschberg.
6314	which san joaquin county wine has 15.5 percent alcohol?	  Unfortunately, it is not possible to answer this question without knowing the specific wine in question.
6315	1.0 capacitance in farads is represented by what unit of capacitance?	  Farad (F).
6316	2012-02-26 was the initial broadcast date for which radio program?	  The initial broadcast date for the radio program "This American Life" was November 17, 1995.
6317	the trials of health study targeted what medical condition or disease?	  The Trials of Health Study targeted Type 2 Diabetes.
6318	general electric co. is the builder of which class of locomotives?	  General Electric Co. builds diesel-electric locomotives.
6319	what versions of video games are released in the netherlands?	  The Netherlands generally follows the same release schedule as other European countries, with the most popular games being released for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and PC. Some of the more recent releases include titles such as Cyberpunk 2077, Assassin's Creed Valhalla, FIFA 21, Marvel's Spider-Man: Miles Morales, and Animal Crossing: New Horizons.
6320	which cuisine does serve moka pot?	  Moka pot is typically used to make espresso-style coffee, so it is associated with Italian and other Mediterranean cuisines.
6321	the measurement system of centimetre–gram–second system of units is within what unit of electric current?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units does not have a unit of electric current; instead it uses the ampere, which is part of the International System of Units (SI).
6322	what unit of permittivity has the permittivity in farads per meter 1.0?	  The unit of permittivity is Farads per meter (F/m).
6323	what fictional object is at ancient city-state?	  A magical artifact, such as a sword, amulet, or crown, is often associated with an ancient city-state.
6324	the pratt & whitney canada pw100 is in a sub-category of what parent engine category?	  The Pratt & Whitney Canada PW100 is in the Turboprop engine category.
6325	when it comes to the game system ps1 what video game expansions exist?	  Some of the most popular video game expansions for the PlayStation 1 (PS1) system include Final Fantasy VII: International, Final Fantasy VIII: The Vision of Escaflowne, Street Fighter Alpha 3, Suikoden II, Grandia, and Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.
6326	wind speeds of 138.9 were in which tropical cyclone?	  It is not possible to answer this question without additional information.
6327	how many comic book writers are also television directors?	  It is difficult to provide an exact number of comic book writers who are also television directors, as there is no comprehensive list or database of such individuals. However, some notable examples include Joss Whedon, J.J. Abrams, and Kevin Smith.
6328	the series eirtakon has what conference subject?	  Eirtakon is an anime and manga convention that focuses on Japanese pop culture, such as anime, manga, cosplay, video games, and more.
6329	where is the genomic locus in chromosome 9 (human)?	  The genomic locus in chromosome 9 (human) is located at 9q34.2.
6330	what measurement system is joule per cubic metre in?	  The joule per cubic metre is a unit of energy density in the International System of Units (SI).
6331	the floating point consists of how many units of volume?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the size of a floating point unit can vary depending on the type of processor and the programming language being used.
6332	what kind unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include picul?	  The unit of length associated with a measurement system whose mass units include picul is the Chinese foot.
6333	in the united states customary units, how many ways are there to measure volume?	  There are four ways to measure volume in the United States customary units: cubic inches, cubic feet, cubic yards, and fluid ounces.
6334	1.28 is the length of which railway?	  There is no railway with a length of 1.28.
6335	bioinformatics can be found in which conference series?	  Bioinformatics conferences are typically held in series such as the International Conference on Bioinformatics (InCoB), the International Conference on Intelligent Systems for Molecular Biology (ISMB), and the Pacific Symposium on Biocomputing (PSB).
6336	the connection with stephen jay gould is about what subject?	  Stephen Jay Gould was a prominent evolutionary biologist, paleontologist, and historian of science. He is best known for his popular science books, including The Panda's Thumb and Wonderful Life, and for developing the theory of punctuated equilibrium. He was also a prominent public intellectual and a frequent contributor to popular science magazines such as Natural History.
6337	which one of the meteorite's mass is less than or equal to 2.3e+06?	  The meteorite with the mass of 2.2e+06 is less than or equal to 2.3e+06.
6338	find digital camera whose lcd screen resolution is 172000.0.	  The Sony Alpha a7R IV Digital Camera is a great option. It has a 172000.0 dot resolution LCD screen and a 61MP full-frame sensor. It also has a 5-axis in-body image stabilization for sharp images, 4K video recording, and fast autofocus.
6339	big stuff the eagle is what school's sports team?	  The mascot for most schools that use the eagle as their mascot is usually the Eagles.
6340	pa is what kind of unit?	  Kilopascal (kPa) is a unit of pressure.
6341	what is the conference proceedings of second digital cities workshop?	  The proceedings of the Second Digital Cities Workshop can be found in the ACM Digital Library.
6342	which author published the honor of the queen?	  The Honor of the Queen was written by David Weber and published by Baen Books.
6343	sorry! was developed by which video game developer?	  Sorry! was developed by Parker Brothers, a division of Hasbro.
6344	cascading style sheets was developed by who?	  Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) was developed by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) in 1996. It was created by Håkon Wium Lie and Bert Bos.
6345	what measurement system uses henry per metre as permeability unit?	  The SI (International System of Units) measurement system uses henry per metre as the unit of permeability.
6346	which tv season has 157 episodes?	  The third season of the American television sitcom Friends, which aired from 1996 to 1997, has 157 episodes.
6347	what organization was founded by robert bamford?	  Robert Bamford founded the car manufacturer Aston Martin in 1913.
6348	who produced the radio program about city of paris?	  There is no single answer to this question as there have been many radio programs about the city of Paris created by many different people.
6349	1.0 joules per cubic meter per kelvin is the amount of which unit of volumetric heat capacity?	  This is the amount of volumetric specific heat capacity.
6350	mikro-plus is compatible with what videos games?	  mikro-plus is compatible with a variety of video games including the Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Nintendo 3DS, and PC.
6351	what measurement system uses hectar as a measure of radiance?	  The metric system uses hectare as a measure of area.
6352	which holiday is part of the christmas holiday season and is on january 6?	  Epiphany, also known as Three Kings' Day or the Feast of the Epiphany, is part of the Christmas holiday season and is celebrated on January 6.
6353	the density in teslas is 1.0 for which unit of magnetic flux density.	  Tesla (T) is the unit of magnetic flux density.
6354	henry per metre is a permeability unit used by which measurement system?	  The henry per metre (H/m) is a unit of magnetic permeability used by the International System of Units (SI).
6355	what is the locomotive class with a maximum speed of 160.9?	  The DB Class 103 electric locomotive is the class with a maximum speed of 160.9 km/h (99.9 mph).
6356	comores telecom was registered by which tld registry?	  The Comores Telecom domain name is registered with the .km top-level domain (TLD) registry.
6357	what measurement system is pascal second a viscosity unit for?	  The pascal second (Pa·s) is a unit of dynamic viscosity in the metric system.
6358	which film director weighs the most?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the weight of film directors varies greatly.
6359	what is broadcast genre of radio programs that have subject of defensive driving?	  The broadcast genre of radio programs that have a subject of defensive driving is usually educational or informational in nature. These programs are typically aimed at informing drivers about the importance of defensive driving and providing tips and advice on how to drive safely.
6360	defrag uses what type of video game engine?	  Defrag does not use a video game engine. It is a standalone computer program designed to optimize the performance of a hard drive by reorganizing fragmented data.
6361	what is the input method for the musical game with frets on fire?	  The input method for the musical game with frets on fire is typically a computer keyboard, with the arrow keys used to press the fret buttons. Some players may also use game controllers such as a guitar controller or a drum controller.
6362	what radio format is used by the station that broadcasts alma del barrio?	  Alma del Barrio is a Spanish-language radio station that broadcasts a Regional Mexican radio format.
6363	the terminuses of chama belong to what railway?	  The Chama terminuses belong to the Durango and Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad.
6364	romanian units of measurement contains what unit of length?	  The Romanian unit of length is the "metru" (m).
6365	what is the name of the locomotive that is owned by s. davies warfield	  The locomotive is named the "S. Davies Warfield Special."
6366	the ship designed who also designed the william paterson is who?	  The William Paterson was designed by the Scottish shipbuilding firm of William Denny and Brothers.
6367	name the measurement system electric current unit that amp is in.	  The electric current unit amp is in the International System of Units (SI).
6368	bachelor of arts international has what dissertation written for it?	  A Bachelor of Arts International degree typically requires a student to complete a written dissertation. The dissertation can be on any topic relevant to the student's chosen field of study, such as international relations, economics, politics, or history. The dissertation must demonstrate the student's understanding of the field and their ability to conduct independent research.
6369	what is the name of the video game designer that created part of ridge racer?	  Namco's Toshihiro Nagoshi is the game designer responsible for creating parts of the Ridge Racer series.
6370	what is the central focus of the radio program episode talk of the nation: dna?	  The central focus of the Talk of the Nation episode about DNA is exploring the ethical implications of genetic testing and the use of DNA in criminal justice.
6371	name the video game that has subjects of kris kross in it.	  Kris Kross: Make My Video (1992)
6372	118.0 is the chamber pressure of what kind of engine?	  This is the chamber pressure of a jet engine.
6373	what is the conference series that belongs to the same conference event as sheraton columbus hotel?	  The conference series that belongs to the same conference event as the Sheraton Columbus Hotel is the Columbus Business Conference.
6374	what is the unit of energy used for measure of radioactivity that's used in the same measurement system as becquerels?	  The unit of energy used for measure of radioactivity that's used in the same measurement system as becquerels is the Gray (Gy).
6375	name the video game rating system which has a content discriptor use of drugs?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the video game rating system that includes a content descriptor for the use of drugs.
6376	what is the measurement system that uses abampere for electric current?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the ampere (A) for electric current.
6377	how many compositions did david salo write in quenya?	  It is not possible to answer this question definitively, as there is no comprehensive list of compositions by David Salo written in Quenya.
6378	international system of units is used in what unit of energy density?	  The International System of Units (SI) is used to measure energy density in joules per cubic meter (J/m3).
6379	which unit of data transmission rate is in the measurement system of international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not have a unit of data transmission rate. Commonly used units of data transmission rate are bits per second (bps) and megabits per second (Mbps).
6380	the nintendo gamecube controller supports which video games?	  The Nintendo GameCube controller supports all Nintendo GameCube and Wii video games.
6381	the parent organization of pharoah 90 was founded by whom?	  Pharaoh 90 was founded by the hip-hop artist and producer, Pharaoh Monch.
6382	what computer processor family is a variant of pic microcontroller?	  The PIC (Peripheral Interface Controller) microcontroller family is based on the RISC (Reduced Instruction Set Computer) architecture.
6383	techcrunch50 is considered what type of conference?	  TechCrunch50 is an annual technology conference and startup competition hosted by TechCrunch, a technology media company.
6384	which grade level has the typical age (minimum) of 10?	  The typical age of 10 corresponds to 5th grade.
6385	how many videogames collectible items are there?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as there are an infinite number of collectible items related to video games.
6386	jason pomeranc is known to own what hotel brand?	  Jason Pomeranc is the co-founder and CEO of sbe, a lifestyle hospitality company that owns and operates hotels, residences, restaurants, and nightlife venues.
6387	which unit of length is associated with a measurement system whose mass units include cash?	  The Chinese system of measurement, which uses cash as a unit of mass, is associated with the chi, or Chinese foot, as a unit of length.
6388	which video game is released in 03/28/2010?	  The video game released on 03/28/2010 was God of War III.
6389	dead or alive extreme beach volleyball is the creation of which video game designer?	  Dead or Alive Extreme Beach Volleyball was designed by Tomonobu Itagaki.
6390	what subject is discussed in the conference "sigmod 2008?"	  The SIGMOD 2008 conference was focused on database systems and data management. Topics included data mining, data integration, data warehousing, information retrieval, query processing, and privacy and security.
6391	what unit of luminance is used in the measurement system of katal?	  Katal (symbol: kat) is the unit of luminance in the International System of Units (SI). It is equal to 1,000,000 candela per square meter (cd/m2).
6392	which unit of data transmission rate is the si base unit of data transfer rates?	  The SI base unit of data transfer rates is the bit per second (bps).
6393	what sports uses left inside linebacker as a position?	  American football.
6394	what is the name of an episode of a radio program whose artist is terry gross?	  "Terry Gross Interviews Barack Obama" is an episode of the radio program Fresh Air with Terry Gross.
6395	what genre category does the video game aoki densetsu shoot! fall in?	  Aoki Densetsu Shoot! is a shoot 'em up video game.
6396	hawker hurricane variants is part of what aircraft model line?	  The Hawker Hurricane variants are part of the Hawker Hurricane aircraft model line.
6397	what tld registry registered registry?	  The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) is the organization responsible for the global coordination of the Internet's system of unique identifiers, including domain names, IP addresses, and protocol parameters.
6398	what video game version have been released in australia?	  Australia has released a variety of different video game versions over the years, including versions for Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC, and mobile devices. Popular titles released in Australia include The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Super Mario Odyssey, Grand Theft Auto V, FIFA 20, Red Dead Redemption 2, and many more.
6399	which video games did railroad tycoon support?	  Railroad Tycoon supported the MS-DOS, Amiga, Atari ST, Macintosh, and SNES platforms.
6400	which video game developer created imperialism?	  The video game developer that created the game Imperialism was Strategic Simulations, Inc. (SSI).
6401	physical exercise is the subject of what periodical?	  This is a broad question, as exercise can be discussed in a wide variety of periodicals. Some examples include health and fitness magazines, such as Men's Health, Women's Health, and Shape; sports magazines, such as Runner's World and Sports Illustrated; and general interest magazines, such as Time and Newsweek.
6402	gypsy dance was performed by which musician?	  Gypsy dance is a traditional folk dance from Eastern Europe and is often performed by musicians playing traditional instruments such as the violin, accordion, and mandolin.
6403	games developed by fromsoftware and distributed through physical media released where?	  FromSoftware games have been released on physical media in various regions around the world, including North America, Europe, Japan, and Asia.
6404	fda otc monograph part 358f is part of which manufactured drug form?	  The FDA OTC Monograph Part 358F is part of the Nonprescription Drug Consumer Protection Act, which applies to all over-the-counter (OTC) drugs sold in the United States. This monograph covers all OTC drug products, including those in solid, liquid, or semi-solid dosage forms.
6405	who produced the radio program about automobiles?	  The radio program about automobiles could have been produced by a variety of people or organizations, including radio stations, individual radio producers, automotive companies, automotive magazines, or other organizations.
6406	what is the name of some software written in the programming language perl,php?	  Examples of software written in Perl and PHP include WordPress, Magento, SugarCRM, Joomla, Drupal, and MediaWiki.
6407	1.0 capacitance in farads is represented by which unit of capacitance?	  The unit of capacitance is the farad (F).
6408	which professional sports team has the same owner as washington wizards?	  The Washington Capitals, a professional ice hockey team, also has the same owner as the Washington Wizards.
6409	what is a mod for the video game entitled medieval ii?	  A mod is a modification to a video game that can be made by players or developers to change the game in some way. For Medieval II, there are many mods available, such as the Third Age Total War mod, which adds new units, factions, and campaigns to the game.
6410	which measuring instrument is a subclass of accelerometers ?	  A piezoelectric accelerometer is a type of accelerometer that is a subclass of accelerometers.
6411	how many programming language designer designed lilith programming language?	  There is only one designer of the Lilith Programming Language, which is Dr. John Aycock.
6412	was congressperson #14 male or female?	  Congressperson #14 was female.
6413	which locomotive class has the least gauge (mm)?	  The narrowest gauge locomotive class is the Decauville 0-4-0T, which has a gauge of 600 mm (1 ft 11 5⁄8 in).
6414	the aircraft model with a minimum cost of <3> was created by which aircraft designer?	  The aircraft designer with the lowest cost aircraft model is Burt Rutan. Rutan is an American aerospace engineer noted for his design of the Voyager, the first aircraft to fly around the world without refueling. He is also the designer of the SpaceShipOne, the first privately funded spacecraft to reach space.
6415	the suveh nux video game was designed by who?	  The Suveh Nux video game was designed by independent game developer and artist, John Oestmann.
6416	name the genomic locus that has the chromosome of chromosome 22 (human) and minimum end base.	  Chromosome 22: q11.1
6417	what is the content of mint dj's deep house mix - podcast feed?	  The content of Mint DJ's Deep House Mix - Podcast Feed varies from episode to episode, but generally includes a mix of deep house, tech house, and progressive house music. Each episode features a selection of tracks from a variety of different labels and producers, as well as exclusive mixes from Mint DJ himself. The podcast also includes interviews with some of the biggest names in the genre.
6418	what measuring instruments are used to measure specific gravity?	  The most common instrument used to measure specific gravity is a hydrometer. A hydrometer is a device that measures the density of a liquid relative to water.
6419	international system of units is known to use what unit of heat capacity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule per kelvin (J/K) as the unit of heat capacity.
6420	cgr 3rd class 4-4-0 1884 was built buy which locomotive builder?	  The CGR 3rd Class 4-4-0 1884 was built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works.
6421	which browser was most recently released by the creators of mpd?	  The most recently released browser by the creators of MPD is the MPD Browser.
6422	what game did tropico 3 follow?	  Tropico 3 was the third installment in the Tropico series, which began with Tropico in 2001.
6423	what video game, in civilization series, is designed by soren johnson?	  Soren Johnson's most recent game in the Civilization series is Civilization VI.
6424	what is the belief of discordianism?	  Discordianism is a religion and philosophy based on the idea that chaos and disorder are natural and desirable aspects of life. Discordianism encourages the pursuit of chaos and disorder as a way to bring about creativity, progress, and enlightenment. Discordianism is based on the idea that there is no ultimate truth, and that truth is relative and subjective. Discordianism also encourages the idea of "pranksterism" and "creative chaos" as forms of creative expression.
6425	2013 get conference is in what conference venue?	  The 2013 conference venue has not been announced yet. Please check the conference website for updated information.
6426	goto is considered what type of conference?	  A virtual or online conference.
6427	what unit does the international system of units use to measure molar heat capacity?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the joule per kelvin per mole (J/K/mol) to measure molar heat capacity.
6428	what is the name of the video game designer that created part of d?	  The video game designer responsible for creating part of D is Takeyasu Sawaki.
6429	madrid - toledo high-speed line is part of what rail network?	  The Madrid - Toledo high-speed line is part of the Spanish high-speed rail network, known as AVE (Alta Velocidad Española).
6430	which railway has the terminuses of cascais?	  The Cascais Line is a railway line that runs between the Portuguese cities of Lisbon and Cascais. The line has two terminuses, Cais do Sodré station in Lisbon and Cascais station in Cascais.
6431	there's a digital camera that has optical image stabilization. which is it?	  The Nikon Coolpix P950 Digital Camera is a great option with optical image stabilization.
6432	what is the number of game expansions released by software projects?	  This is difficult to answer as there is no definitive answer. Software projects can release a variety of different types of expansions, from full-fledged sequels to DLC, patches, and other content. The number of game expansions released by software projects will depend on the individual project and the amount of resources available to it.
6433	which broadcast radio program was most recently broadcasted?	  That depends on the location.
6434	1.0 is the minimum wind speed of what beaufort wind force?	  Calm.
6435	the digital camera of mpeg4 has what camera sensor type?	  The digital camera of MPEG4 typically has a CMOS (Complementary Metal-Oxide Semiconductor) image sensor.
6436	volts is included in what measurement system?	  The volt is a unit of measurement in the International System of Units (SI).
6437	show the court that has jurisdiction over los angeles county, california?	  The Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles has jurisdiction over Los Angeles County, California.
6438	name of the video game version that has the peripherals supported by balance board?	  Wii Fit Plus.
6439	what is the name of an adaption that was adapted from porgy?	  The Gershwin's Porgy and Bess, a musical theater adaptation of Porgy, premiered on Broadway in 1935.
6440	which unit of specific energy has energy in joules per kilogram at most 1.0? 	  The unit of specific energy that has energy in joules per kilogram at most 1.0 is the kilojoule per kilogram (kJ/kg).
6441	which programming language did andreas rumpf develop?	  Andreas Rumpf developed the programming language called Oberon.
6442	what measurement system use katal per cubic metre as the catalytic concentration unit?	  The katal per cubic metre unit is used in the International System of Units (SI).
6443	what trans-neptunian object has a orbital period less than 4.16385e+06?	  The trans-Neptunian object with an orbital period less than 4.16385e+06 is 2004 XR190, which has an orbital period of 4.14e+06 seconds.
6444	what is the locomotive class with the least gauge (mm)?	  The narrowest gauge for a locomotive is 600 mm, which is sometimes referred to as "minimum gauge."
6445	real myst has what video game mod added to it?	  The most popular mod for Myst is called RealMyst. It is a 3D version of the original game, with enhanced graphics and animations, improved navigation, and additional features such as a day/night cycle, weather effects, and the ability to save and reload the game.
6446	which facility is the home arena of the nyköpings hockey team?	  The home arena of the Nyköpings Hockey Team is the Södra Aros Arena.
6447	which film's casting director is born in the country which was also the place where advanced cantonese was published?	  The casting director for the film In the Mood for Love (2000), directed by Wong Kar-wai, is born in Hong Kong. Hong Kong is the birthplace of advanced Cantonese, which was published in the book A New Cantonese Grammar (1928).
6448	1.0 watts per steradian is the radiant intensity of what unit?	  Candela.
6449	using pharmacological modulation of cocaine effects – 1 which medical trial has the least number of expect total enrollment?	  The medical trial with the least number of expected total enrollment would depend on the specific trial being conducted.
6450	which measurement systems is kilowatt time unit of?	  Kilowatt-hour is a unit of energy in the International System of Units (SI) and is equal to one kilowatt (1 kW) of power expended for one hour (1 h) of time.
6451	what is the name of the of the visual artist with the shortest height?	  There is no definitive answer to this question, as there is no record of the shortest height of all visual artists.
6452	which calendar system has the months of month 4?	  The Gregorian calendar system has the month of April.
6453	find video game versions released in benelux.	  Some popular video game versions released in Benelux include:  1. Grand Theft Auto V (Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC) 2. FIFA 21 (Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC) 3. Call of Duty: Modern Warfare (Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC) 4. Assassin's Creed Valhalla (Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC) 5. Forza Horizon 4 (Xbox One, PC) 6. Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege (Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC) 7. Red Dead Redemption 2 (Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC) 8. Minecraft (Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC, Nintendo Switch) 9. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt (Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC) 10. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe (Nintendo Switch)
6454	innovation consultancy has what business operation?	  Innovation consultancy is a business that works with organizations to help them identify and develop innovative solutions to their challenges. They provide services such as strategy development, market research, product development, customer experience design, and organizational development. They also help organizations develop and implement innovative business models.
6455	what is the tv theme song of tv programs with subject of youth ministries?	  The most popular theme song for youth ministries is "This Little Light of Mine" by traditional spiritual.
6456	proving grounds of the mad overlord was published by what video game publisher?	  The game Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord was published by Automated Simulations (later renamed to Epyx) in 1980.
6457	which unit of pressure uses gray per second?	  Gray per second is not a unit of pressure. The SI unit of pressure is the pascal (Pa).
6458	3 is the score of what manufactured drug?	  There is no one manufactured drug with a score of 3. Drug scores are generally based on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being the lowest and 5 being the highest.
6459	video games with the rating of vrc: ma-17 can be found where?	  You can find games with the rating of MA-17 on various online stores like Steam, GOG, and the PlayStation Store.
6460	npr all things considered appears in what radio program episode?	  All Things Considered is a daily news program broadcast on National Public Radio (NPR). It is not associated with any specific episode.
6461	which measurement system uses newton per metre as the surface tension units?	  The SI (International System of Units) uses the unit of newton per metre (N/m) for surface tension.
6462	centimetre–gram–second system of units has which unit of luminance within its system?	  The centimetre–gram–second system of units does not have a unit of luminance.
6463	list what measures 1.0 in teus?	  A TEU (Twenty-foot Equivalent Unit) is a standard unit of measure used to describe a container's capacity. It is equal to a 20-foot (6.1 m) long intermodal container, a standard-sized metal box which can be easily transferred between different modes of transportation, such as ships, trains and trucks.
6464	2011-01-31 was the initial broadcast date for which radio program?	  The initial broadcast date for the radio program This American Life was January 31, 2011.
6465	which tld registry registered dotfm?	  dotFM is a top-level domain (TLD) registry owned and operated by BRS Media Inc., a US-based media and technology company.
6466	what is the charge unit used to measure radians per second?	  The charge unit used to measure radians per second is Hertz (Hz).
6467	in the st.giga what video game platform is supported?	  The St.Giga supports the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and PC.
6468	which are uses non-si units mentioned in the si and metric system?	  Non-SI units mentioned in the SI and metric system include:  • Liters (L) • Milliliters (mL) • Grams (g) • Kilograms (kg) • Meters (m) • Centimeters (cm) • Millimeters (mm) • Kilometers (km) • Hours (hr) • Minutes (min) • Seconds (sec) • Amperes (A)
6469	the system sega rating has which video game rating?	  The Sega Rating system is an age-based rating system used in Japan to classify video games. The system rates games from A (all ages) to D (18 and over).
6470	world zionist organisation sponsors what political convention series?	  The World Zionist Organization does not sponsor any political conventions.
6471	penfield railway line is featured on what rail network?	  The Penfield railway line is part of the Adelaide Metro network in South Australia.
6472	what is the number of organizations in fiction within the dcuniverse?	  There is no single answer to this question as the DC Universe encompasses a wide range of fictional organizations. Some of the major organizations in the DC Universe include the Justice League, the Legion of Doom, the Outsiders, the Suicide Squad, and the Secret Society of Super-Villains.
6473	which meteorite's mass is less than or equal to 2500.0?	  The following meteorites have a mass of less than or equal to 2500.0:  -Canyon Diablo (Arizona, USA) -Willamette (Oregon, USA) -Toluca (Mexico) -Gancedo (Argentina) -Mt. Egerton (Australia) -Monahans (Texas, USA) -Tagish Lake (Canada) -Gao-Guenie (Burkina Faso) -Vaca Muerta (Chile) -Allende (Mexico)
6474	aug. the 15th, 2007 is the copyright date on what written work?	  The copyright date on a written work cannot be determined without knowing the title of the work.
6475	what file format was created on 2000-05?	  The 2000-05 period saw the development of several new file formats, including Microsoft Office XML, Adobe PDF, and MP3.
6476	helium is the introduction to what colbert report episode?	  The introduction to the Colbert Report episode is "The Word: Epithelium" which aired on October 8, 2008.
6477	the terminuses of antonito belong to what railway?	  The Antonito terminuses belong to the Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad.
6478	which conference series belongs to the same conference event as calvin l. rampton salt palace convention center?	  The conference series associated with the Calvin L. Rampton Salt Palace Convention Center is the Salt Lake Comic Con.
6479	what private company limited by shares is the theater company that produced that face?	  The theater company that produced that face is not a private company limited by shares.
6480	which unit of molar volume has the volume in cubic meters per mole of 1.0?	  The unit of molar volume with a volume of 1.0 cubic meters per mole is cubic meters per mole (m3/mol).
6481	who published the video game terra nova: strike force centauri?	  The video game Terra Nova: Strike Force Centauri was published by Electronic Arts in 1994.
6482	the genres browser extension and wireless portal are part of which software/	hardware category?  They are both part of the software/hardware category of network technology.
6483	which ship class has a max speed of 21.0?	  The Arleigh Burke-class destroyer has a maximum speed of 21.0 knots (24.2 mph).
6484	which video game was initial released on 1991-07?	  The first video game released on 1991-07 was Sonic the Hedgehog for the Sega Genesis.
6485	which unit of temperature has the same measurement system as irradiance units watt per square metre?	  Kelvin (K)
6486	what unit of specific heat capacity share its measurement system with the unit of pressure pounds per square inch?	  The unit of specific heat capacity that shares its measurement system with the unit of pressure pounds per square inch is British Thermal Units per Pound-Force per Degree Rankine (BTU/lb-°R).
6487	jacques lacan is the subject of which conference series?	  The Jacques Lacan Conference Series is an annual event held in the United States and Europe. It is organized by the International Association for the Study of Psychoanalysis and the International Lacanian Association. The conference series provides an international forum for the discussion of Lacanian psychoanalysis and related topics.
6488	the maximum percent new oak comes from what wine?	  The maximum percent of new oak used in winemaking typically comes from red wines, such as Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Syrah, and Zinfandel.
6489	what unit of specific heat capacity share its measurement system with the unit of pressure kilopascals?	  The unit of specific heat capacity that shares its measurement system with the unit of pressure kilopascals is joules per kilogram-kelvin (J/kg-K).
6490	dec. the 5th, 2008 was the initial release date for which video game?	  The fifth of December, 2008 was the initial release date for Grand Theft Auto IV.
6491	what is the input method used in the musical game, guitar hero iii - set 1 - starting out small?	  The input method used in Guitar Hero III - Set 1 - Starting Out Small is a guitar-shaped controller. The player presses the colored fret buttons on the controller in time with on-screen prompts in order to play the game.
6492	which hotel brand is owned by g6 hospitality?	  G6 Hospitaly owns the Motel 6, Studio 6, and Hotel 6 brands.
6493	in international system of units, what is the unit of luminous intensity?	  The unit of luminous intensity is the candela (cd).
6494	what's the video game mod for warcraft iii: the frozen throne?	  The most popular mod for Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne is Defense of the Ancients (DotA). It is a custom game that pits two teams of five players against each other in a battle to destroy the other team's base.
6495	the publisher traveller's tales puts out which video game?	  Traveller's Tales is best known for the Lego video game series, which includes titles such as Lego Star Wars, Lego Marvel Super Heroes, Lego Harry Potter, and Lego The Lord of the Rings. They have also developed games based on other popular franchises, such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Pirates of the Caribbean, and Batman.
6496	what game was made prior to world of war craft?	  The popular game prior to World of Warcraft was EverQuest.
6497	name the tld registry that registered afilias.	  Afilias is a domain name registry that is accredited by ICANN (the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers).
6498	who sponsors electronic entertainment expo?	  The Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) is sponsored by the Entertainment Software Association (ESA).
6499	what is the heroquest expansion?	  HeroQuest Expansion is a series of expansion packs for the classic board game HeroQuest, released from 1991 to 1994. The expansion packs add new characters, monsters, and quests to the game, as well as new boards, weapons, and items.
6500	what type of fictional setting is the joker in?	  The Joker is typically found in a comic book or film setting in the DC Comics universe.
6501	what is the video game rating in system recreational software advisory council?	  The Recreational Software Advisory Council (RSAC) is a game rating system that assigns age-based ratings to computer and video games. Ratings range from "Early Childhood" (EC) to "Adults Only" (AO).
6502	patricia barnes-svarney is an author for which literary series?	  Patricia Barnes-Svarney is the author of the Encyclopedia of the Human Body, a comprehensive reference guide to the human body and its systems. She is also the author of The Human Body: An Illustrated Guide to Every Part of the Human Body and How It Works.
6503	what is the website that uses the swiftype platform api apis?	  The primary website that uses the Swiftype Platform API is Swiftype.com. Other websites that use the Swiftype Platform API include:  - Stack Overflow - Zendesk - Intercom - Shopify - BigCommerce - Squarespace - WordPress.com - Wufoo - Zapier - MailChimp - Slack - Stripe - SendGrid - Segment
6504	escheria coli is the genome of what?	  Escherichia coli (E. coli) is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium that is commonly found in the lower intestine of warm-blooded organisms (endotherms). It is one of the most studied prokaryotic organisms and is a model organism for molecular biology.
6505	what are the ratings in the office of film and literature classification video game rating system?	  The Office of Film and Literature Classification (OFLC) video game rating system has five age-based ratings:   G – General; PG – Parental Guidance; M – Mature; MA15+ – Mature Accompanied; R18+ – Restricted.
6506	vericon has which conference series that focuses on it?	  Vericon has the Vericon Conference Series, which focuses on technology, innovation, and entrepreneurship.
6507	1.0 coulombs per kilogram is the exposure in which unit of exposure?	  Coulombs per kilogram is a unit of absorbed dose, which is a measure of radiation exposure.
6508	which species in lexx does maria ushiromiya belong to?	  Maria Ushiromiya belongs to the human species in the Lexx universe.
6509	what is the earliest football match which had a goal after 13 minutes?	  The earliest recorded football match with a goal after 13 minutes is the match between the English clubs Aston Villa and West Bromwich Albion on March 3, 1888. The goal was scored by West Bromwich Albion's Jack Reynolds in the 13th minute.
6510	what is the amount of video game distribution systems that blackberry phones supports?	  Blackberry phones support a limited number of video game distribution systems, including the Google Play Store, Amazon Appstore, and BlackBerry World.
6511	which isbn books are read by james naughton?	  James Naughton has not specified any specific ISBN books that he has read.
6512	where is the genomic locus in chromosome 22 (human)?	  The genomic locus in chromosome 22 (human) is located at base pair position 44,000,000 to 46,000,000.
6513	which measurement system uses newton-metre as the moment of force unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the newton-metre as the unit of moment of force.
6514	the square degree in which measurement system is the unit of the solid angle ?	  The square degree is not a unit of solid angle measurement. Solid angle is typically measured in steradians (sr).
6515	what meteorite is composed of the material iron meteorite?	  Iron meteorites are composed of iron-nickel alloys.
6516	on dec. the 26th, 1982 which radio program had a final broadcast?	  The CBS Radio Mystery Theater had its final broadcast on December 26, 1982.
6517	stadler gtw builds what class of locomotive?	  Stadler GTW builds diesel multiple unit (DMU) locomotives. DMUs are self-propelled passenger rail vehicles that combine a locomotive and passenger car into one unit.
6518	the largest catchment area is in which lake?	  The largest catchment area is in Lake Superior, which covers an area of approximately 82,000 square miles.
6519	the millimeter is a frame for measurement in what system?	  The millimeter is a unit of length measurement in the metric system.
6520	rydges hotels & resorts is owned by what hotel brand?	  Rydges Hotels & Resorts is owned by the Accor Group, a major international hotel brand.
6521	there exists a christanity based holiday related to easter, what is it called?	  The holiday is called Good Friday.
6522	video games with a rating of 7 are found where?	  Video games with a rating of 7 can be found on the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) website. The ESRB is responsible for assigning age and content ratings to video games. You can search for games by rating on their website.
6523	which unit of heat capacity equals to 1.0 joules per kelvin?	  The unit of heat capacity that is equal to 1.0 joules per kelvin is the joule per kelvin (J/K).
6524	what is the amusement ride with capacity smaller than 20?	  A bumper car ride typically has a capacity of 8-10 people.
6525	which game play mode is the game that supports guitar hero guitar?	  The game supports the "Guitar Hero" mode.
6526	which unit of electric current cannot exceed 10.0 current in amperes?	  The milliampere (mA) cannot exceed 10.0 current in amperes.
6527	which type of measurement is 1.0 strength in volts per meter?	  Electric field strength
6528	games developed by gameloft and distributed through wii ware released where?	  Gameloft's WiiWare releases were distributed through the Wii Shop Channel.
6529	elementary charge is a charge unit of what measurement system?	  The elementary charge is a unit of electric charge in the International System of Units (SI).
6530	in terms of bits per second, what unit of data transmission rate exceeds 1.0?	  The unit of data transmission rate that exceeds 1.0 is megabits per second (Mbps).
6531	what is the written work from the international society of biourbanism movement?	  The International Society of Biourbanism is a research and advocacy organization dedicated to advancing the principles of biourbanism—the application of biological principles to urban design, planning, and development. The organization publishes research papers, reports, and policy briefs on biourbanism, and works to promote the adoption of biourbanism principles in urban planning and development.
6532	ampere per metre are included in the magnetic field strenght units associated with what unit of power?	  The unit of power associated with magnetic field strength units is watts.
6533	what is the unit of magnetic flux density in measurement system centimetre–gram–second system of units?	  The unit of magnetic flux density in the centimetre–gram–second system of units is the gauss (G).
6534	which unit of dose equivalence uses the measurement system of international system of units?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the millisievert (mSv) as its unit of dose equivalence.
6535	what is the name of the illustrator who designed the art in the comic book madman jam #1?	  The illustrator who designed the art in Madman Jam #1 is Mike Allred.
6536	who sponsors visweek?	  The Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) is the primary sponsor of VisWeek.
6537	what is the organism which has a height larger than 1.68?	  There is no single organism that has a height larger than 1.68 meters. The tallest organism in the world is the Sequoiadendron giganteum, or giant sequoia, which can reach heights of up to 115 meters (377 feet).
6538	what is a unit of molar volume equivalent to a volume of 1.0 cubic meters per mole?	  A unit of molar volume equivalent to a volume of 1.0 cubic meters per mole is known as the molar volume. It is equal to 22.4 liters per mole.
6539	who built the locomotive classified as taff vale railway a class?	  The locomotive classified as Taff Vale Railway A Class was built by the Avonside Engine Company in Bristol, England.
6540	dr. banks was performed by whom in the tv episode?	  The character of Dr. Banks was portrayed by actor James Morrison in the TV episode.
6541	urban contemporary is played by what radio station?	  Urban contemporary is typically played on urban contemporary radio stations, which can be found on the FM dial.
6542	what is the total number of academic advisors that michel gevers has?	  It is not possible to answer this question as Michel Gevers does not have a publicly available record of the total number of academic advisors he has.
6543	what region did rockstar games publish the latest released version of its game?	  Rockstar Games published the latest version of its game worldwide.
6544	which unit used in international system of units to measure volumetric heat capacity?	  The unit used in the International System of Units (SI) to measure volumetric heat capacity is joules per cubic meter-kelvin (J/m3K).
6545	which nintendo gamecube controller version supports the europe region?	  The official Nintendo GameCube Controller Version 2.0 supports the Europe region.
6546	name the basketball coach that has over 147 career wins.	  Greg Popovich.
6547	what is the unit of radioactivity that has that the largest radioactivity in becquerels?	  The unit of radioactivity with the largest radioactivity is the terabecquerel (TBq), which is equal to one trillion (1012) becquerels.
6548	which version that was released in united states supports xbox360?	  The United States version of the Xbox 360 supports all Xbox 360 games.
6549	what gauge of rail has a width that is, at maximum, 1435.0?	  The gauge of rail with a maximum width of 1435.0 is Standard Gauge, also known as 4 feet 8.5 inches (1435 mm).
6550	what video game was expansion of asheron's call: throne of destiny?	  The expansion of Asheron's Call was called Asheron's Call: Throne of Destiny.
6551	what is the number of designers who contributed to the game that has the soundtrack of universe at war: earth assault?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as it is unclear who exactly contributed to the soundtrack of Universe at War: Earth Assault.
6552	the measurement system united states customary units contains how many units of specific heat capacity?	  There is no specific unit of specific heat capacity in the United States customary units system. Specific heat capacity is typically measured in Joules per kilogram Kelvin (J/kgK).
6553	clock/calendar is a subclass of what measuring instrument?	  A clock/calendar is a subclass of a timekeeping device.
6554	victoria beckham is considered a super couple with who?	  Victoria Beckham is considered a super couple with her husband, David Beckham.
6555	international enterprise singapore sponsored what conference series?	  The International Enterprise (IE) Singapore has sponsored the Singapore International Energy Week Conference Series since 2006.
6556	what unit of energy has the largest energy in joules?	  The largest unit of energy in joules is the exajoule (EJ). One exajoule is equal to one quintillion (1,000,000,000,000,000,000) joules.
6557	what is total amount of spacecraft's that german aerospace center and agency manufacture?	  The German Aerospace Center (DLR) and its associated space agency, the German Aerospace Center Space Administration (DLR-RA), do not manufacture spacecraft. Instead, they provide support for the development and operation of spacecraft, launch vehicles, and other space-related technologies.
6558	which legal case has a subject of election?	  Bush v. Gore (2000)
6559	what fictional objects does abarsis create?	  Abarisis is a character in the fantasy novel The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss. He is a legendary figure who is said to have created a number of magical items, including a bow that can shoot magical arrows, a staff that can summon storms, and a magical cloak that can turn its wearer invisible.
6560	the coat of arms of australia uses how many heraldic crests?	  The coat of arms of Australia uses four heraldic crests.
6561	the captain america comics #1 is the first issue of what comic series?	  Captain America Comics.
6562	what does uzbl use as a html layout engine?	  Uzbl uses WebKit as its HTML layout engine.
6563	the the animal family was illustrated by who?	  The animal family was illustrated by Ernest Shepard.
6564	lacrosse at the 1932 summer olympics demonstration competitions are held at which olympic games?	  The 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.
6565	what type of unit of data transmission rate is the si base unit of data transfer rates?	  The SI base unit of data transfer rates is the bit per second (bps).
6566	which place of worship does greek orthodoxy take?	  Greek Orthodoxy is practiced in churches known as Orthodox Churches or Greek Orthodox Churches. These churches are typically constructed in the traditional Byzantine architectural style, and feature an altar, iconostasis, and other furnishings and decorations that are typical of Orthodox churches.
6567	the most recent work to be published was what?	  The most recent work to be published will depend on the field or genre. For example, in literature, the most recent work to be published might be a novel, short story, or poem; in science, it might be a research paper or article; in music, it might be a new album or single.
6568	what is the month that has the alternative month number of 5?	  The month with the alternative month number of 5 is September.
6569	what measurement system has the energy units joule per gram	  The metric system has the energy unit joule per gram.
6570	which is the classification of the near-earth object that the smallest absolute magnitude?	  The smallest absolute magnitude for a near-Earth object is typically associated with asteroids, which are classified as a small Solar System body.
6571	the 1932 winter olympics participants included which countries?	  The 1932 Winter Olympics were held in Lake Placid, New York, United States, and included athletes from 17 countries: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Czechoslovakia, Finland, France, Great Britain, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Norway, Poland, Switzerland, Sweden, and the United States.
6572	ulysses is the subject of which legal case?	  The legal case is Ulysses v. United States, or U.S. v. Ulysses. It was a 1933 case in which the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that James Joyce’s novel Ulysses was not obscene and could be published in the United States.
6573	what is the newest disney ride?	  The newest Disney ride is Rise of the Resistance, which opened in December 2019 at both Walt Disney World in Florida and Disneyland in California.
6574	what type is extend by rich media?	  Rich media is a type of digital advertising that includes interactive elements such as video, audio, animation, and other interactive elements. It can be used to extend the reach and engagement of an ad campaign.
6575	rbi appeared in what video game?	  RBI Baseball is a series of baseball video games that has been released for multiple platforms since 1988. The most recent game in the series is RBI Baseball 20, released in 2020 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, and Microsoft Windows.
6576	what is the holiday associated with passover and is a holiday of judaism?	  The holiday associated with Passover is called Pesach, and it is a major Jewish holiday. It is a celebration of the liberation of the Israelites from slavery in Egypt, as described in the book of Exodus in the Hebrew Bible.
6577	in the international system of units name the unit of magnetic flux.	  The unit of magnetic flux is the weber (Wb).
6578	what measurement system's absorbed dose rate unit is gray per second?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses the unit gray per second (Gy/s) for absorbed dose rate.
6579	which lake has the largest catchment area?	  The Lake with the largest catchment area is Lake Baikal in Russia. It has a catchment area of over 2.5 million square kilometers.
6580	name the ski run which is served by supreme.	  Tiger Run.
6581	glaxosmithkline plc produces what drug type?	  GlaxoSmithKline plc produces a wide range of pharmaceuticals, including prescription drugs, vaccines, over-the-counter medicines, and consumer healthcare products.
6582	which radio program episode was first broadcasted on 05/01/2012?	  It is not possible to answer this question without additional information about the radio program.
6583	what zoo animal was born most recently?	  It is impossible to answer this question as the birth of a zoo animal can occur at any time.
6584	what was the most recent browser released by the creators of bps?	  The most recent browser released by the creators of BPS is BPS Browser 11.
6585	what is the name of an episode of a radio program whose artist is billy taylor?	  One episode of a radio program featuring Billy Taylor is called "Billy Taylor: Jazz Pianist and Educator".
6586	what person died on 06/30/2015?	  There is no single person who died on June 30, 2015.
6587	quiverful is a religion based on what?	  Quiverful is a religious movement that emphasizes large families and the belief that children are a blessing from God. It is often associated with certain Christian denominations, particularly the Quiverfull movement within evangelicalism and fundamentalism, and the idea of being "fruitful and multiplying" is a key tenet of the movement.
6588	which defunct time zone to utc is nearest?	  The defunct time zone that is nearest to UTC is Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
6589	artis orubs supported which musical artist?	  Novartis has not publicly supported any particular musical artist.
6590	the bottom quark shares a family with what subatomic particle?	  The bottom quark shares a family with the strange quark.
6591	name the system that has shaku as a measurement unit.	  The shaku is a traditional Japanese unit of measurement. It is most commonly used to measure the length of objects, such as buildings and swords. It is still used in some areas of Japan today.
6592	what is the ultimate rate in bits per second when using the unit data transmission rate?	  The ultimate rate in bits per second when using the unit data transmission rate is typically determined by the type of connection being used. For example, the maximum rate for most broadband internet connections is around 100 Mbps (megabits per second).
6593	extended stay is owned by which hotel brand?	  Extended Stay America is owned by Blackstone Group, a global investment firm.
6594	name the wine that belongs to santa barbara, california wines, and has 15.0 percentage of alcohol.	  Santa Barbara County Pinot Noir (15.0% ABV).
6595	in what court jurisdiction is the place where the latest buried person died?	  The court jurisdiction of the place where the latest buried person died will depend on where they died.
6596	with which journal did don slater serve as editor on the editor in chief?	  Don Slater served as Editor-in-Chief of the International Journal of Cultural Studies from 1999-2009.
6597	academic journals is a genre in which magazine?	  Academic journals are a genre of magazine typically published by an academic or scientific institution, containing scholarly articles written by researchers, professors, and other experts.
6598	which units of energy are in the same measurement system as k?	  Kilojoules (kJ) are in the same measurement system as kilocalories (kcal).
6599	saphir supports which function?	  Saphir supports a variety of functions, including: authentication, authorization, user management, data management, reporting, analytics, API integration, system administration, and more.
6600	using a study of zidovudine in hiv-infected patients with liver disease which medical trial has the least number of expect total enrollment?	  The medical trial with the least number of expected total enrollment is the Phase I clinical trial. Phase I trials typically involve a small number of participants (usually fewer than 100) and are designed to assess the safety and tolerability of a new drug or treatment.
6601	which amusement ride has a drop of togo?	  The Tower of Terror at Tokyo DisneySea.
6602	name the unit of magnetic flux density in measurement system centimetre–gram–second system of units.	  The unit of magnetic flux density in centimetre–gram–second system of units is the gauss (G).
6603	if speed is in 0.44704 meters per second what unit of speed is that in?	  Miles per hour
6604	what is a similar model type to the chrysler 300?	  A similar model type to the Chrysler 300 is the Dodge Charger.
6605	early pleistocene is the latest fossil record of which organism classification?	  The earliest Pleistocene fossil record is of Homo sapiens, a species of the genus Homo in the family Hominidae.
6606	what unit profile is the si base unit of joules?	  The SI base unit of joules is kg⋅m²/s².
6607	name the unit of magnetic flux density in measurement system international system of units.	  The unit of magnetic flux density in the International System of Units (SI) is the Tesla (T).
6608	which measurement system uses megabit per second as the data rate unit?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses megabits per second (Mbps) as the data rate unit.
6609	which meteorological service has forecast zones in europe?	  The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF) provides forecast zones in Europe.
6610	1947 was the final broadcast date for which radio program?	  The Lone Ranger.
6611	who created the fictional character hakon?	  The fictional character Hakon was created by author Poul Anderson in his 1954 novel Three Hearts and Three Lions.
6612	which video game versions were released in worldwide?	  There have been numerous video game versions released worldwide over the years. Some of the most popular include Super Mario Bros, The Legend of Zelda, Grand Theft Auto, Call of Duty, Minecraft, and Fortnite.
6613	what unit is for the amount of a substance in the international system of units?	  The unit for the amount of a substance in the International System of Units (SI) is the mole (mol).
6614	find politicians who weigh less than 93.0?	  1. Senator Cory Booker (D-NJ) - 79 kg (174 lb) 2. Senator Angus King (I-ME) - 82 kg (180 lb) 3. Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) - 55 kg (121 lb) 4. Senator Kamala Harris (D-CA) - 57 kg (125 lb) 5. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) - 78 kg (172 lb) 6. Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) - 77 kg (170 lb) 7. Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) - 54 kg (119 lb) 8. Senator Mike Lee (R-UT) - 76 kg (168 lb) 9. Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) - 50 kg (110 lb) 10. Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) - 76 kg (167 lb)
6615	what measure for unit of plane angle is a non-si units mentioned in the si?	  A degree (°) is the most commonly used non-SI unit of plane angle, and is accepted for use with the SI.
6616	who is the owner of jerry seinfeld - personal archives?	  Jerry Seinfeld owns the personal archives of his own work.
6617	which unit of power is affiliated with a measurement system that has magnetic field strength units, including ampere per metre?	  The International System of Units (SI) is affiliated with a measurement system that has magnetic field strength units, including ampere per metre.
6618	which video game, in kid icarus series series, is designed by masahiro sakurai?	  The game is Kid Icarus: Uprising, designed by Masahiro Sakurai.
6619	which radio programs have the subject of asian american history?	  1. Asian American Life (WNYC Radio) 2. The Asian American Experience (KPFA Radio) 3. Asian Americans: A History of Perseverance (KPFK Radio) 4. Asian American Voices (KPCC Radio) 5. The Asian American Radio Show (KALW Radio) 6. Asian American History (KPFT Radio) 7. Asian Americans in History (KUOW Radio) 8. Asian American History and Culture (KPFA Radio) 9. Asian American History and Politics (KPFK Radio) 10. Asian American Studies (KPCC Radio)
6620	how many units of volume exist in imperial system of units?	  There are four units of volume in the Imperial system of units: cubic inches, cubic feet, gallons, and fluid ounces.
6621	1066.8 (mm) is the gauge of which locomotive class?	  1066.8 mm gauge is the standard gauge used by most modern locomotives.
6622	komodo is a part of what video game engine family?	  Komodo is part of the Unreal Engine family.
6623	kilogram per square metre is the surface density unit in which system of measurement?	  The kilogram per square metre is a unit of surface density in the International System of Units (SI).
6624	which unit of amount of substance has the maximum amount in moles?	  Moles have the highest amount of any unit of amount of substance.
6625	energy units called electron volt belongs to what measurement system?	  The electron volt belongs to the International System of Units (SI).
6626	how do you represent 1.0 inductance in henries?	  1.0 henries.
6627	what kind of ingredient does waldorf salad need which includes friut?	  The traditional ingredients for a Waldorf salad include apples, celery, walnuts, and mayonnaise. You can also add grapes, raisins, and/or dried cranberries to the salad for a sweet and fruity flavor.
6628	2139.95 gauge (mm) is part of what locomotive class?	  This gauge (mm) does not correspond to a specific locomotive class.
6629	what unit of specific energy has energy in joules per kilogram at most 0.001?	  This unit of specific energy is called a millijoule per kilogram (mJ/kg).
6630	what is the video game rating whose rating system includes the content descriptor of gambling?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the video game rating system that includes the content descriptor of gambling.
6631	what rail gauge has a minimum width of smaller than 914.0?	  The minimum width of a rail gauge smaller than 914.0 mm is 600 mm, which is known as the Indian gauge.
6632	what is the name of the oldest architect?	  The oldest known architect is Imhotep, an Egyptian architect who lived around 2600 BC.
6633	1.63 is the length of what railway?	  There is no railway with a length of 1.63.
6634	exercise physiology was the major of which chef?	  Exercise physiology is not a major; it is a field of study.
6635	what unit of data transmission rate has a rate in bits per second larger than 1e+09?	  The unit of data transmission rate with a rate larger than 1e+09 bits per second is the Gigabit per second (Gbps).
6636	what ship designer designed a ship that is designed by joshua humphreys?	  Joshua Humphreys designed the USS Constitution, often referred to as "Old Ironsides".
6637	name a music video director who weighs at least 65.0.	  Hype Williams
6638	what measuring unit of time is used when referring to lux illuminance?	  Lux illuminance is measured in lumens per square meter (lm/m^2).
6639	what is the name of the file format that has the same genre as the open exr?	  The file format that has the same genre as OpenEXR is OpenEXR-IMF (Interchange File Format).
6640	what rocket engines are able to thrust 548800.0?	  SpaceX's Merlin engine is capable of thrusting 548800.0 Newtons.
6641	what is the most recently founded tv station?	  The most recently founded television station is AETN18, which began broadcasting in 2019.
6642	gambling is part of the content description under what video game rating system?	  The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is the video game rating system in the United States and Canada. Gambling is part of the content descriptors used to rate video games, along with other descriptors such as violence, drugs, language, and sexual content.
6643	what does the international system of units use for its data transmission rate?	  The International System of Units (SI) does not have a specific unit for data transmission rate. Instead, the rate of data transmission is typically measured in bits per second (bps).
6644	diffuse large b-cell lymphoma and related conditions are treated by which specialty of medical providers?	  Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and related conditions are typically treated by hematologists and oncologists. These specialists are trained in diagnosing and treating these types of cancer. They may also work with other medical professionals, such as radiologists, pathologists, and radiation therapists, to provide comprehensive care.
6645	full spectrum warrior was created by which video game developer?	  Pandemic Studios.
6646	the food with the highest energy per 100g is what?	  The food with the highest energy per 100g is beef jerky, which contains an average of 1447 kilojoules (347 calories) per 100g.
6647	which human language has the dialects of transylvanian saxon dialect?	  Transylvanian Saxon is a dialect of German.
6648	ampere per metre is the magnetic field strength unit of what measurement system?	  The International System of Units (SI).
6649	the bittorrent open source license is licensed by which software?	  The BitTorrent Open Source License is licensed by the BitTorrent software.
6650	zapper supports what video game?	  The Zapper light gun is compatible with the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) and Famicom consoles. It is used to play a variety of shooting games, including Duck Hunt, Hogan's Alley, and Wild Gunman.
6651	which unit of data transmission rate is used for transfers that are bigger than 1.0 bits per second and is in the international system of units ?	  The unit of data transmission rate used for transfers that are bigger than 1.0 bits per second and is in the International System of Units is the megabits per second (Mbps).
6652	which measurement system is gray the absorbed dose units?	  Gray (Gy) is an absorbed dose unit in the International System of Units (SI).
6653	for which unit of speed, speed in meters per second is 0.01?	  Centimeters per second.
6654	cryengine contains what video game engines?	  CryEngine is the game engine developed by Crytek, a German video game and software development company. It is used to create video games for PC, Xbox, PlayStation, and other platforms. It is most notably used in Crysis, Far Cry, and Hunt: Showdown.
6655	what is the name of an episode of a radio program whose artist is barry?	  "Barry's Best of the Week" is an episode of the radio program Barry's Best Music.
6656	the m. anderson is part of what extraterrestrial location?	  The M. Anderson is part of the Martian surface, located on the planet Mars.
6657	name the measurement unit that has the plane angle units of angular mil.	  The measurement unit is Mil (milliradian).
6658	name charles greville pets.	  Charles Greville owned a variety of pets, including dogs, cats, horses, and birds. He also kept a menagerie of exotic animals, including a zebra, a monkey, a kangaroo, and a bear.
6659	quileute language is spoken by what ethnic group?	  The Quileute language is spoken by the Quileute Tribe, a Native American tribe of the Pacific Northwest Coast.
6660	cepheus is a constellation in which star system?	  Cepheus is a constellation in the Northern Celestial Hemisphere. It is located near the constellation Cassiopeia and contains the star system Alpha Cephei.
6661	salta is the percent of alcohol for which wine?	  Wine typically contains between 10-14% alcohol by volume.
6662	what number of units of volume are present in the floating point?	  A floating point number does not represent a unit of volume; it is a way of representing real numbers in a computer.
6663	what musical artist was supported by pepper mcgowan	  Pepper Mcgowan was a supporter of the musical artist, The Avett Brothers.
6664	texas radio theatre company - podcast feed contains what?	  The Texas Radio Theatre Company podcast feed contains audio dramas, stories, and interviews. It features original works by Texas-based writers and actors, as well as adaptations of classic stories and plays.
6665	what geographical scope contains the conference series that is the subject of religions?	  The conference series covers topics related to religions from around the world.
6666	what other book editions belong in the same series as penguin great ideas: series 3?	  1. Penguin Great Ideas: Series 1 2. Penguin Great Ideas: Series 2 3. Penguin Great Ideas: Series 4 4. Penguin Great Ideas: Series 5 5. Penguin Great Ideas: Series 6 6. Penguin Great Ideas: Series 7 7. Penguin Great Ideas: Series 8 8. Penguin Great Ideas: Series 9 9. Penguin Great Ideas: Series 10
6667	twin kingdom valley was inspired by what video game?	  Twin Kingdom Valley was inspired by the classic 8-bit video game Manic Miner.
6668	what is the unite of data transmission rate in the scale of international system of units and has a rate in bits per second of less than 1e+06?	  The unit of data transmission rate in the International System of Units (SI) is bits per second (bps). A rate of less than 1e+06 bps would be kilobits per second (kbps).
6669	what is the number of designers who contributed to the game that has the soundtrack of dragon quest viii original soundtrack?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as the exact number of designers who contributed to the game is not known.
6670	currah is a video game that is supported by what gameplay mode?	  Currah is a puzzle game that is supported by a single-player mode.
6671	ny post pix has whom as the software developers?	  Post Pix does not have any specific software developers associated with it. Post Pix is an app created by the company, Postmates, which is a food and grocery delivery service.
6672	which zoo is involved with international association of avian trainers and educators?	  The International Association of Avian Trainers and Educators (IAATE) is involved with many zoos, including the San Diego Zoo, the Bronx Zoo, the National Aviary, the Audubon Zoo, and the Houston Zoo.
6673	what fictional universe has a character called hell god?	  There is no single fictional universe that has a character called Hell God. However, there are several characters in different fictional universes with similar names, such as Hellgods in the Marvel Universe, Hell Gods in the DC Universe, and Hell Gods in the Dungeons & Dragons universe.
6674	who created both defense of the ancients and league of legends?	  Defense of the Ancients (DotA) was created by a custom map creator for Warcraft III, known as "IceFrog". League of Legends (LoL) was created by Riot Games.
6675	170.0 is the horsepower for what engine?	  This question cannot be answered without more information.
6676	google inc is dominantly featured in what conference?	  Google I/O is Google's annual developer conference, where the company showcases new products and technologies.
6677	which video game version was developed by the developer of battle forge?	  BattleForge was developed by EA Phenomic and was released in 2009.
6678	which tropical cyclones that affected turks & caicos islands are in the same category as tropical storm linda?	  Tropical Storms Laura, Hanna, Gonzalo, and Isaias have all affected the Turks & Caicos Islands and are all in the same category as Tropical Storm Linda.
6679	hormone replacement therapy has been tested for what medical trial?	  Hormone replacement therapy has been tested for a variety of medical trials, including trials for the treatment of menopausal symptoms, osteoporosis, and cardiovascular disease.
6680	what measurement system uses ampere per square metre as the unit of current density?	  The International System of Units (SI) uses amperes per square metre (A/m^2) as the unit of current density.
6681	which team plays the sport of field lacrosse?	  Field lacrosse is typically played by two teams of ten players each.
6682	oprah's production was housed in what theatre, capable of holding more than 1761 people.	  Oprah's production was housed in the Chicago Theatre, which is capable of holding more than 1761 people.
6683	which series has the artist michele wood?	  The series featuring Michele Wood is called "Michele Wood: Abstracts".
6684	name the review of reflections on science	  Reflections on Science Reviews
6685	in measurement system international system of units, what is the unit of angular acceleration?	  The unit of angular acceleration in the International System of Units (SI) is radians per second squared (rad/s2).
6686	what is the name of an adaption that was adapted from background to danger?	  The film adaptation of Background to Danger is titled The Mask of Dimitrios.
6687	what is the unit of resistance under the international system of units system?	  The unit of resistance under the International System of Units (SI) is the ohm (Ω).
6688	gauss unit measures luminance with what measurement system?	  The Gauss unit measures luminance with the candela per square meter (cd/m2) measurement system.
6689	which medical trial designed using the study of the safety and efficacy of ampligen in chronic fatigue syndrome has the lowest expected total enrollment?	  The lowest expected total enrollment for a medical trial designed using the study of the safety and efficacy of Ampligen in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) would likely be a Phase I clinical trial. Phase I clinical trials are typically the first step in the process of testing a new drug or treatment in humans. During a Phase I clinical trial, a small group of volunteers (usually fewer than 100) are given the drug or treatment to assess its safety, side effects, and potential efficacy.
6690	what is the previous game of disney sing it?	  Disney Sing It: Pop Hits is the previous game in the Disney Sing It series.
6691	what video game supports a moegaku?	  Moegaku is a Japanese language learning game, so there is not a specific video game that supports it. However, there are several educational video games that focus on language learning and could be used in conjunction with Moegaku.
6692	what is the input method for the musical game with guitar hero iii - set 1 - starting out small?	  The input method for Guitar Hero III - Set 1 - Starting Out Small is a guitar controller.
6693	bell 206 is part of the line of what aircraft model?	  The Bell 206 is part of the line of Bell Helicopter light utility aircraft.
6694	the subject of the connection with stephen jay gould is what?	  The subject of the connection between Stephen Jay Gould and evolutionary biology. Gould was a renowned evolutionary biologist, paleontologist, and historian of science, and his work contributed significantly to evolutionary theory.
6695	how many video game distribution systems are supported by xbox?	  Xbox supports four video game distribution systems: Xbox Live, Xbox Game Pass, Xbox Play Anywhere, and Xbox Game Pass Ultimate.
6696	girard elementary school is in which school district?	  Girard Elementary School is located in the Girard Independent School District in Girard, Texas.
6697	the subject of religious is in the geographical scope that belongs to which scope?	  Religious studies is typically considered to be part of the humanities, or social sciences.
6698	which olympic games has had the largest number of participating countries?	  The Summer Olympic Games held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil in 2016 had the largest number of participating countries with a total of 206 countries.
6699	what constellation has the star hd 32450?	  HD 32450 is located in the constellation of Leo Minor.
6700	who's the shortest film casting director?	  There is no definitive answer to this question as film casting directors come in all shapes and sizes.
6701	sufi islam is a sort of belief of what?	  Sufi Islam is a mystical form of Islam that emphasizes the inward search for God and shuns materialism and external religious practices. It is based on the teachings of Islamic mystics known as Sufis and is characterized by the belief in a direct personal experience of God.
6702	in the measurement system katal, what is the unit of luminance used?	  The unit of luminance used in the katal measurement system is candela per square meter (cd/m2).
6703	what temperature unit uses the same measurements as the irradiance unit watt per square metre?	  The temperature unit Kelvin (K) uses the same measurements as the irradiance unit watt per square metre.
6704	the playstation¬æ3 belongs to which family of video game systems?	  The PlayStation 3 belongs to the PlayStation family of video game systems.
6705	1435.0 is the minimum width for which rail gauge?	  1435.0 mm is the minimum width for the Irish Broad Gauge railway.
6706	the international system of units is employed by which unit of potential?	  The international system of units is employed by the volt, the unit of electrical potential.
6707	what video game engine did ea games develop?	  EA Games developed the Frostbite engine.
6708	which unit of energy has the largest energy in joules?	  The largest unit of energy in joules is the exajoule (EJ), which is equal to one quintillion (1,000,000,000,000,000,000) joules.
6709	magnetic flux units wb belongs to what measurement system?	  The magnetic flux unit wb (weber) is part of the International System of Units (SI).
6710	which specialization of writers is a profession of mccloud?	  Scott McCloud is an American cartoonist, comics theorist, and author best known for his books about comics, Understanding Comics (1993), Reinventing Comics (2000), and Making Comics (2006). He is also a public speaker on the subjects of comics, technology, and visual communication.
6711	what type of conference occurs biannual?	  A biannual conference could be any type of conference, such as a scientific, educational, or business conference.
6712	which beer style has an srm range with largest low value?	  The beer style with the largest low value in the SRM range is Stout, which has a low value of 30.
6713	the music of grand theft auto iv is the soundtrack of what video game?	  Grand Theft Auto IV (GTA IV)
6714	name the builder of the ship hms invincible.	  The builder of the HMS Invincible was the Royal Navy dockyard at Portsmouth, England.
6715	what measurement system is the unit joule per cubic metre a part of?	  The unit joule per cubic metre is part of the International System of Units (SI).
6716	the resistivity unit, ohm meter, belongs to what measurement system?	  The ohm meter belongs to the International System of Units (SI), which is the modern form of the metric system.
6717	how many video game compilations have the genre of artillery game?	  We were unable to find any video game compilations with the genre of artillery game.
6718	the peripheral zapper is supported by which gameplay mode in the video game?	  The peripheral zapper is supported by the light gun gameplay mode in the video game.
6719	what cyclists speak the same language as kevin rutmanis?	  There is no one single language that all cyclists speak. However, Kevin Rutmanis is a well-known professional cyclist who is fluent in English, French, and Spanish. Therefore, any cyclist who speaks any of these three languages would be able to communicate with him.
6720	what are uses non-si units mentioned in the si and metric system?	  Non-SI units mentioned in the SI and metric system include:  -Liter (L) -Gram (g) -Kilogram (kg) -Milliliter (mL) -Meter (m) -Centimeter (cm) -Millimeter (mm) -Kilometer (km) -Hectare (ha) -Kelvin (K) -Celsius (°C) -Fahrenheit (°F) -Bar (bar) -Atmosphere (atm) -Pascal (Pa) -Joule (J) -Watt (W) -Horsepower (hp) -Newton (N)
6721	r.o.b. supports what video games?	  B.O.B. supports a variety of video game platforms, including Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC, iOS, and Android.
6722	what conference series focuses on boskone?	  Boskone is an annual science fiction and fantasy convention organized by the New England Science Fiction Association (NESFA).
6723	1852.0 is the base elevation at which ski lift?	  This is the base elevation of the Heavenly Ski Resort in South Lake Tahoe, California.
6724	what is the name of the video game that was released on 1999-03-04?	  The video game released on 1999-03-04 is The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time.
6725	cubic meters per second is the same measurement system as what unit of energy?	  Cubic meters per second is a unit of volumetric flow rate, and is not normally used to measure energy.
6726	what is the name of the fictional creature's species depicted by the character in rene mosier?	  The fictional creature's species is called the "Vulcanites".
6727	digital cities ii, computational and sociological approaches, second kyoto workshop on digital cities is a conference event of what?	  Digital Cities II, Computational and Sociological Approaches, Second Kyoto Workshop on Digital Cities is a conference event organized by the International Institute for Advanced Studies (IIAS) in Kyoto, Japan.
6728	what is the gameplay mode of saints row 2 downloadable content?	  The downloadable content for Saints Row 2 includes several additional gameplay modes, such as co-op missions, team deathmatch, and a zombie survival mode.
6729	which artwork has a genre of physical art?	  A painting, sculpture, or other physical artwork would all have a genre of physical art.
6730	csedu 2010 have a conference subject of whom?	  The conference subject for CSEDU 2010 was "Innovations in Computer Science Education: From Theory to Practice".
6731	how many video game distribution systems are supported by mac os ?	  There are currently four major video game distribution systems supported by Mac OS: Steam, GOG, Epic Games Store, and the Mac App Store.
6732	what is the name of the conference series that has a spnsoring organization of insticc and is of kind trade fair?	  The conference series is called the International Joint Conference on Computational Intelligence (IJCCI). It is sponsored by INSTICC (International Institute of Informatics and Systemics) and is a trade fair.
6733	what are the video game developer developed midway arcade treasures deluxe edition game and version of tna impact! game?	  Midway Arcade Treasures Deluxe Edition was developed by Digital Eclipse Software and published by Midway Games. The version of TNA Impact! game included in the collection is version 1.0.
6734	x68000 has what video games in it's platform?	  The Commodore Amiga line of computers, which used the Motorola 68000 processor, had a large number of video games available for it. Popular games include Lemmings, The Secret of Monkey Island, The Settlers, Wing Commander, and Turrican.
6735	name some video games who are part of the genre nonlinear gameplay.	  1. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim 2. Grand Theft Auto V 3. Assassin's Creed Odyssey 4. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild 5. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain 6. Far Cry 5 7. Dark Souls III 8. Dishonored 2 9. Deus Ex: Mankind Divided 10. Fallout 4
6736	physical media, which is developed by lass, was released where?	  LASS's physical media was released in the United States.
6737	what soundtrack is artist kendrick lamar featured on?	  Kendrick Lamar has been featured on many soundtracks, including Black Panther: The Album (2018), The Great Gatsby (2013), and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014).
6738	what is a profession that compares closely to freelance photographer?	  A similar profession to a freelance photographer would be a freelance videographer.
6739	what subject does the radio the standard school broadcast cover?	  The content of the radio broadcast will vary depending on the school, but typically it may include announcements, school news, upcoming events, student interviews, and music.
6740	what is the name of the ship designer that designed a ship that is designed by thomas guppy?	  Thomas Guppy was a British naval architect and engineer who designed several ships, including the famous Cutty Sark. The designer of the Cutty Sark was Hercules Linton.
6741	name the adaptation adapted from adapted work that is an adaptation from vanity fair.	  Vanity Fair: A Novel of Worldly Temptations
6742	1600.0 (mm) is the gauge of which locomotive class?	  1600.0 mm is the gauge of the Indian Railways' WAP-7 locomotive class.
6743	which locomotive class is built by advanced passenger train?	  The Advanced Passenger Train (APT) was built by British Rail, and was a class of tilting trains developed in the 1970s and 1980s. The APT-P (Pendolino) was the most successful version of the APT, and it is currently operated by several rail companies in the UK.
6744	how many types of worship places does ayyavazhi have?	  Ayyavazhi has two main types of worship places: Thabasu and Nizhal Thangals. Thabasu are the main temples of Ayyavazhi, while Nizhal Thangals are smaller, simpler places of worship.
6745	the currency used to fund the construction of new york central park was what?	  The primary source of funding for the construction of Central Park in New York City was a public subscription campaign, which raised $5 million from private donors.
6746	how many religions practice simran?	  Simran is a spiritual practice found in many religions and spiritual traditions, including Sikhism, Hinduism, Buddhism, and Sufism.
6747	gibson eds-1275 was played by whom?	  The Gibson EDS-1275 was famously played by Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page.
6748	university of louisiana at lafayette can provide the what type of education?	  The University of Louisiana at Lafayette offers a wide range of educational opportunities, from undergraduate and graduate degree programs to professional and continuing education courses. The university offers over 80 undergraduate majors and concentrations, over 60 master's degree programs, and over 20 doctorate degrees.
6749	what song was added to rock band after nov. the 13rd, 2008?	  Unfortunately, there is no definitive answer to this question as Rock Band releases new songs regularly and the release dates of these songs vary.
6750	name the soundtrack that amy winehouse features.	  The Amy Winehouse soundtrack is the soundtrack for the documentary film Amy, released in 2015. The soundtrack features previously unreleased recordings, rare live performances, and interviews. It includes songs such as "Back to Black", "Rehab", "You Know I'm No Good", and "Valerie".
6751	which video game version has the game of pokémon xd: gale of darkness?	  Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness was released for the Nintendo GameCube in North America on October 3, 2005.
6752	wodz-fm is owned by what radio station group?	  WODZ-FM is owned by Townsquare Media.
6753	mustard gas testing has been done in what medical trial?	  Mustard gas testing has been done in a variety of medical trials, including trials to evaluate its potential use as a cancer treatment and its effects on the immune system.
6754	what unit of density is equal to 1.0 amperes per square meter?	  The unit of density equal to 1.0 amperes per square meter is Amperes per square meter (A/m^2).
6755	find survival.	  The best way to survive is to remain calm, think clearly, and take action. Make sure to have a plan and be prepared for any situation. Have the necessary supplies and equipment, such as food and water, a first aid kit, a flashlight, and a map. If you are in a dangerous situation, look for a safe place to hide or seek help from authorities. Stay informed about the situation and be aware of your surroundings. Finally, take care of yourself and your loved ones.
6756	shelby foote has what for a family name?	  Shelby Foote's family name is Foote.
6757	how many comic book writers are professional documentary filmmakers?	  It is impossible to answer this question without more specific information.
6758	what film producers weights 145.15 or less?	  There is no specific film producer who weighs 145.15 or less.
6759	zunyi medical college is which kind of school?	  Zunyi Medical College is a public medical college located in Zunyi, Guizhou Province, China. It is one of the top medical schools in the country and is ranked among the top ten medical schools in China.
6760	veerandsada and annie get your gun (1999 broadway revival cast) are examples of what album content type?	  Musical Theatre Album.
6761	how many fast practicing religions are there?	  There is no single answer to this question as there are many different fast-practicing religions around the world. Some of the more well-known examples include Christianity, Islam, Judaism, Buddhism, and Hinduism.
6762	which video game engine family contains cyrano?	  Cyrano does not appear to be associated with any particular video game engine family.
